What periodical literature does Delta Air Lines use as a moutpiece?
Who is the child of Ranavalona I's husband?
which cola starts with the letter p
What is the complete list of records released by Jerry Lee Lewis?
Who won the prize at the sequel of the 1885 Wimbledon Championships- Gentlemen's Singles?
What essential medicine is needed to treat leprosy?
After what is Marathon named and what is the current record?
Who Sleepwalking succeeded in playing Sleepwalking?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the least lower flammable limit?
What is the material used and approved by Mojito?
Could you summarize Korea's history of this topic?
Which is landscape of of Virgin of the rocks, which has birth city is Tzippori?
What is a skill that starts with the letter s.
Who is the student that coined the Euler-Lagrange equation?
What country is the current leader of the African Union?
Who works for the accused Mariposa Folk Festival 1974?
What sister city was born in of Zakhar Oskotsky?
Tell me the name of a fantastique genre that starts with the letter s.
What is the medal Angela Lansbury recieved?
What is the musical score by Missa Solemnis that has mother Maria Magdalena van Beethoven?
Which member state of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the maximum inflation rate?
Who is the partner and the spouse of Hank Azaria?
Which country has highest individual tax rate?
What is the product with the lowest consumption rate per capita whose has part is paraffin wax?
What kind of career does Grigori Kozintsev have in the screenwriting field?
what is hypothetical protein ecia139-4120 habitat of found in species?
What sovereign state replaced the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Located in the Central District, what is the county seat whose twin cities include Feodosiya?
What does emigration mean?
Which is the meta-organization that is regulated by the football association?
Former champion Francisco Alarcon gave what award to Art Spiegelaman?
Which is the fictional analog of Hippocampus?
What is a cause of death that begins with the letter p and can be found on a CT scan?
What is established by Archbishop of Canterbury, who is a male?
Name the naval artillery wirh the smallest firing range?
What is Porky Pig in right now?
What is located next to Quincy, in the novel, Infinite Jest?
Who awarded Eric Hobsbawm an honorary doctorate?
Give me a film character from a fictional universe, such as Marvel comics that starts with a W.
Mention the fictional universe described or included in The Matrix.
Which record label signed Janet Jackson?
who architecture firm of home field of new york centaurs?
Which  meansseason starts in February?
Who is champ of prize awarded Lily Tomlin?
What is the ammunition of the weapon, that has been used in the war in Southeast Asia?
The University of Florida is a member of which coalition?
Who is the brother in law of the writer Quran?
What does the painting Grade Odalisque represent which has DRTL backwards?
Name an empire that contains the word british in its name
Who was the teacher that supervised Shigeno Yasutsugu?
What business does Alexander McQueen have?
Tell me the Greek deity of sibling of Zeus and that contains the word poseidon in it's name?
Who was the lead actor for the movie Deadpool?
Tell me physical phenomenon whose name has the word surface in it.
where does Vladimir putin reside?
Which is the municipality of Belgium that has the headquarters location of European Union?
What is located on terrain feature of Multonmah Falls?
WHICH IS THE STAGE RACE WITH THE MAXIMUM FREQUENCY OF EVENT
Tell me the autonomous region of the People's Republic of China which contains the word xinjiang in it's name?
What is the Velká pardubická with the lowest race time whose winner is Peter Gehm?
Who is the author of the Watchmen and what award did they receive?
Name a book written in Esperanto
What is the general manager of Bernard Hinault?
Name the FSK 12 rated 3D film with the highest cost?
What was Cate Blanchett nominated for her work in I'm Not There?
Tell me the tower that is depicted as Tower of Babel and contains the word babel in it's name?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Literature after Mo Yan?
Which is the author of afterword of Erich Fromm?
Who are worked for Michelle Wolf and its source location of group/organisation is located in New York City?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
Dennis M. Ritchie designed which structured programming language?
What role does Mickey Mouse play in the creative work of Ben Sharpsteen?
What are the head of state and the office held by head of state of the Soviet Union?
What is the name of award recieved for Dawn Fraser has participant of 1960 Summer Olympics?
Which birth language is Chizoba Ejike?
Who is creators of language of the original work Star Trek Into Darkness?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
What is the commune of France with the lowest population whose located in time zone is UTC+01:00?
What is the district of the city with the MAX(number of houses whose instance of is district of the city?
Who is the child of Pompey and the mother, Mucia Tertia?
What is in the region of Paroo River, that divides into Ku-ring-gai Council?
Tell me soil type whose name has the word vertisol in it.
Which religious concept starts with the letter t
What are the prefecture-level city which start with the letter ürümqi
tell me ceremony whose name has the word umhlanga in it
What is edition runtime for League of Legends?
Which is the sauce that originated in Korea?
Who gave the is shown in of based upon of Clark Kent?
Tell me national association football team whose name has the word team in it.
What award was received Mary Tyler Moore?
what is Tuesday named after?
Which is the narrative location of Siddhartha?
What are the military operation which start with the letter o
Who is the mother and husband of Candice Bergen?
Which language written from Romy Schneider, has the grammatical person speaking as the third personal plural?
Who is the opposite of the superhero?
What is Palace of Westminster's architect and heritage designation?
Which country housed the Indian Independence Movement?
Name a nonmetal discovered in England that starts with letter O
What did Sidney Crosby draft?
Who was presumably thought to be a student of Strabo?
Who is the son of Jacob Conover?
Which is the patron saint of the place of death of Anna de' Medici?
Who is the captain of F.C. Porto?
What are the autonomous region of the People's Republic of China which start with the letter X
What is the time zone that Marseille is located in?
What award did Harry Martinson adn Eyvind Johnson receive together?
Mention the headquarter location of the Russian Orthodox Church monastery.
Who are the writers of the academic subject Ten simple rules for editing Wikipedia?
Name the female who discovered the Horsehead Nebula.
What conflict is depicted is Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima?
What is being treated in an individual with arteriosclerosis?
What is the category for recipients for the Noble Prize?
What is the timezone of the place Sallust died?
Which church is located in the parish border Krukengrund?
Where is the deathplace of Gediminas, whose twin town is Irkutsk?
What is the fuel system of electricity?
In the 68th Academy Awards, what nomination did Mira Sorvino receive?
Tell me medical specialty whose name has the word trichology in it.
What is the state of India that contain the word uttarakhand in its name?
Who is drafted by the Boston Celtics?
Name a religious concept in Hinduism that contains the word yatra in its name
Which is the golf course arena carrying designs patterns of Donald Trump?
What is the religious affiliation of Vladimir the Great's child?
Tell me the city which is enclaved within Montreal.
who was the pope replaced by?
Which is a used metre of lliad?
Where is on harbour of Kryvyi Rih, which has tributary is Saksahan?
Who stars with Ian Carlyle in the production?
What is the service branch by Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, which has subsidiary entities including Arlington National Cemetery?
When did Aaron Kwok receive the award for Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor?
What appearance of a Christmas tree happens every January 19?
What is the home venue of the Green Bay Packers?
Who proved the theory of Proper Motion? Their surname is Halley.
What head coach is the New York Yankees named after?
What are the national cuisine which start with the letter m
Which is the television series which contains the word zigby in it's name?
Tell me about spouse of Barbara Walters and start time?
What is the second language of Peter Faber which regulatory body is Pontifical Academy of Latin?
What is the honorary title given to Albert Gunther which was won by P.A. Buxton?
where is the headquartes of formation of google located?
What is melody of Tristan und Isolde?
What is the diplomatic relations like in basin countries of Lake Okeechobee?
What two cities hold the principle offices of Financial Times?
Where was Augustus II the Strong buried?
Was Herbie Hancock the winner of the award for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals?
What is a sovereign state for office held by the pope's head of state?
What is the Malayalam alphabet?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
WHICH IS THE ZUCKERART THAT CONTAINS WITH THE WORD SYRUP IN THER NAME
Which reward was The Diary of Anne Frank a nominee for?
Name a business whose heaquarters are located in Lyon
What agent had conflict with Lowell English?
Who is took part in of boy, which has theatre season is classical antiquity?
What is the country of citizenship and the religion of Elizabeth_Smart?
What is holds position of Martin McGuinness, which has prequel of is Member of the 55th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What what is animated taxondistributed by MGM and family
What is the CPU with the greatest charge?
What is the birth city of Kirsten Stewart, with the county seat of Los Angeles County?
Where faith has influence on Madonna?
Which is the gens of Sallust?
who culture of state of australian secret intelligence services?
What are the opening hours for Thursday?
What language does the sculptor of Z3 write in?
Where is deathplace of Amelia Earhart, which has tributary is Ayampe River?
Which chemical compound has the most binding energy?
What nonprofit organization is regulated by the association of football?
What is the work of Jack Warner awarded as Academy Award for Best Picture?
What is the official residence of Queens?
To whom did Gerard Reve got married and when did it end?
What domain has the aspect of bodhisattva?
What is the Commonwealth area with the lowest real gross domestic product growth rate whose diplomatic relation is Taiwan?
What is located on the astronomical body of North America?
Who is the owner of the theatre company that made 'The Birth of the Star Spangled Banner'?
What sovereign state belonging to the International Finance Corporation has the lowest unemployment rate?
Who was the person with Chris Rock when he was awarded the Lunt-Fontanne Award for Ensemble Excellence?
What does Kelly Clarkson do and where is she a citizen?
What is the bibliography of the PhD advisor to Karl Herzfeld?
Tell me intergovernmental organization whose name starts with s
What is the music genre that is made by Battle Zeque Den
Which history of topic and the geography of topic is Melbourne?
What is the sister city of Ivan Turgenev's hometown?
Who was the teacher of the musical score of Suite 1922?
tell me audio and video interfaces and connectors are name has the word ypbpr in it
What is the official language of lives in Pasi Siltakorpi?
What is the active ingredient pharmaceutical product in erythromycin?
What Chinese dynasty replaced the Yuan dynasty?
Where is the human place of birth in Thessaloniki?
did john grisham have a degree in law in the University of mississippi school of law?
Who else participated in Deep Blue with top dog Cray Blitz?
Name the women's association football team who play the least in tournaments.
Tell me me a cryptocurrenc whose name consist of the word neo and whose stock exchange bitfinex
What explosive chemical has the highest explosive velocity?
Where is the drainage basin of the Brazos River?
Who is C. V. Raman's doctor
Who is the viceroy of Tasmania?
What is the court and application of jurisdiction of Roe v. Wade?
What are the phantom island which start with the letter T
Which German city is twinned with Cardiff?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
Cholera affects which taxon?
In the consort of Myrna Loy, what is the service branch?
What is the international organization for World Bank?
what was the position held by john major and when did it end?
TELL ME TRADITIONAL FAIRY TALE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD SNOW IN IT.
WHO IS THE PARENT OF SON FRANCESCO I SFORZA?
Which are the cites of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus?
Who is nomination received of George Marshall, which has champion is Mikhail Gorbachev?
Who is the showrunner of The Apprentice, who also has a sister called Robert Trump?
tell me demigod of Greek mythology wears hide starts with h
What is the cardinality of the complex logarithm input set?
Tell me the famine which starts with the letter t?
What position is held by Ramsay MacDonald and when was he elected?
tell me about thoracic disease that contains the word syndrome in their name
What language did Juan González de la Pezuela y Ceballos translate for Os Lusíadas?
Who is tenant of Windsor Castle, that has employment as postage stamp designer?
Which bourbon whisky has the lowest alcohol by volume whose country of origin is united states of america?
What is the genetic association of major depressive disorder with the determination method TAS?
What book series did the author Dante Alighieri write?
Tell me biogeochemical cycle whose name has the word cycle in it.
WHICH IS THE ASSOCIATION OF FOOTCLUB THAT STARTS WITH W
What was the result found in the species of hypothetical protein ipg2828?
Where is the name of the continent of the mountain belt in Mount Caywood?
Which are the grants academic degrees for Master of Business Administration?
Who regulates the genetic association of hsa-miR-5006-3p in molecular biology
what is PhD advisor of favorite player of Anthony Giddens, Baron Giddens?
What is name of John Foster Dulles Latin script that has alphabet?
Which new conference did Donald Trump participate in?
who unit of density for measured by of density?
Which is Greek nymph which was the partner of Apollo?
Who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing in Gladiator?
What are the national sports team which start with the letter t
What children did the brothers and sisters of Emmanuel Philibert, Prince of Carignano, have?
At what role did John Tyler replace William Henry Harrison?
What was Laurence Olivier nominated for at the 12th Academy Awards?
Name a Luther city that contain the word worms  in its name
Which is stated in Tripitaka?
What is the academic area of work of Viktor Bespalov?
Roger Milla was a member of which sports teams and how many matches did he play?
When did the marriage between Marilyn Monroe and James Dougherty end?
Name a disease that starts with the letter Y
What is on geographical feature of Greater Antilles whose continent is North America?
What happened to the SS Naronic?
What is chairwoman of working for of Vannevar Bush?
Shen Bao has a partner city of Rotterdam, what is the main location of the publication?
What are the regions available on the coast of Lower Saxony?
What position did William Carmichael replace John Jay in?
which type of quantum particle has highest gyromagnetic ratio?
Tell me literary genre whose name has the word vita in it
What is the parent company of those who work at Roberta Bondar?
What is the official language of Alice springs-Soverign state?
What is native language for Vincent Auriol?
Name a memer of the Oracle Corporation
Name a musical composition by Dionysus
Who was the goddess Artemis?
What position did Martin V hold that was eventually replaced by Eugene IV?
What category of people are in Odoacer
Who gave theroute of administration of consequence of cyclohexane?
What is religious affiliation of ethnicity Sirhan Sirhan?
Who practices and researches Economics?
Who was the inventor of the B-tree, who was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Who is the presenter of The Tonight Show?
Who is the general manager of the Chicago Cubs?
Is Vidhan Sabha executive body of Assam?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
which is working of film producer of My Blue Heaven?
Tell me kinship whose name has the word uncle in it.
what are the painting which start with the letter y
What Academy Award subject is Mercedes Ruehl nominated for as Best Supporting Actress?
What number follows -2?
What what is gas giant child astronomical body by Enceladus and also which starts with letter s
who county seat for died in of Innokenty smoktunovsky?
What is the language official of World Baseball Softball Confederation whose typology is nominative–accusative language?
Who is the human for doctoral advisor of Claude Shannon
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
What are the comic strip which start with the letter z
What is the political party in Catalonia with min number of representatives in an organization whose political alignment is left - wing?
which organization name starts with z
Who is the aircraft fleet for uses of airplane
What is the genus with the highest chromosome count in the taxon rank?
Edward Livingston replaced Martin Van Buren in what postion?
Which is the birth place of Malcolm Allison, that is bordered by Purfleet?
Which protein interacts with oxytocin?
What are the ancient civilization which start with the letter s
What's the name of a novel series that starts with the letter t?
What are the municipality of the Netherlands which start with the letter s
What is the genetic association that can be found in species with post-traumatic stress disorder?
Where did Pierre Curie live, which has the timezone of UTC-02:00?
What non-metropolitan county shares a border with Hampshire?
What is the secular state of the MIN(PPP GDP per capita) whose diplomatic relation is with India?
What is the location in New York City for Edward Hopper's place death?
What was Ray Rennahan from Gone with the Wind nominated for?
What is the 2.1 with the highest speed whose participating teams is Katusha 2016?
Who is the person for the military branch of KGB?
WHICH IS THE CATEGORY FOR RECIPIENTS OF THEIS WARD FOR HONOR
What division does Jurandir Fatori's team play for?
Which is the decay mode for alpha decay?
What are the stars and stripes from the star spangled banner?
When is the location born in Jamshid Mashayekhi which is a partner town of Havana?
WHO THE DUBBER OF RUKH FROM WORK?
Where did Christopher Wren major in Latin?
Which language is used in Gibraltar that has a quality of second language?
Which is the candidature that Gustav Winckler took part of?
Who is Johnny Cash's stepparent?
Who plays the current role of the title character in Deadpool?
How can you tell migraines have PRDM16?
What is the name of the theatrical character of Hamlet?
What ceremony takes place in Leicester?
Tell me the brain region that contains the word thalamus in their name
For Ryan O'Neal was in nomination of Golden Globe Award for Best Actor-Motion picture Drama?
What theory did Grigori Perelman prove?
Which career did the character Buffy the Vampire Slayer choose?
Which is the public holiday that is a day in year for periodic occurrence of 21 Tishrei and contains the word sukkot in it's name?
Who is the Head of State of the Austrian Empire?
What is the ship with the lowest payload mass whose manufacturer is ERROR1?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
David Letterman is producer?
Which French killer had the most victims?
The Moon is found in which subtopic of the geological history of the Earth that has moon in the name?
whos is owner of the kiss that have members of is g20
What position did Félix Faure hold before he was replaced by Émile Loubet?
Who is the son of master Lou Harrison?
Who first described the element osmium and was born in Selby?
What was the category for which Shirley Booth received the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
Who was Bill Gates's mother?
What is Lysimachus's noble title and who follows?
Can you say which national library has the smallest collection?
What was F. Murray Abraham nominated for in the 57th academy awards?
In what field of work does José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero work in?
WHICH ARE THE NUT THAT CONTAINS THE WORD NUT IN THEIR NAME
Which isotope of indium has the most parity?
Where was the plot of North by Northwest, filmed in California, set?
What is the fate of Joaquin Archivaldo Guzman, who was first described as El Faro?
Which is the poetry collection that has traditional Chinese characters as writing system?
What political party does Jacinda Ardern belong to?
What do you call the incarnation of Jesus Christ?
What award was John Williams nominated for in Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
Who is the child of Ofelia Medina's life partner?
What is the connecting line of Chulalongkorn University?
What is the method of determining eating disorders that has the genetic association of RASGRF2?
Who is the PhD candidate for Niels Bohr?
Which is position of head of government of service operator MiG-21?
What are Lee Friedlander's national diplomatic relations?
What was in the aspect of the instruction set architecture whose painter was Gerrit Blaauw?
When was the official trip for participant of Emmanuel Macron?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score for the film Casablanca?
What are the coachwork type which start with the letter van
Who is George W. Bush's sister that has crafted as enterpreneur?
How many matches has Rinus Michels played?
What is the set of 1?
Which Class II combustible liquid has the highest median lethal concentration?
Tell me the airline that starts with the letter p
Who is the owner of Hon Hai Precision Industry?
What Japanese TV series has the most number of seasons and was originally aired in Japanese?
Tell me security agency whose name has the word state in it.
Which son of Isaac has a son named Shuah?
What does it mean if you are convicted of desertion?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
What is the origin of Death Note's diplomatic relation?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
What are the ring system which start with the letter r
What represents the organization of the siblings of Louis Gigante?
What team does Eric Cantona play for, and how many matches has he played?
What what is separation process discoverer or inventor Zosimos of Panopolis and which that starts with d
Name the Yukon quest with the minimum size of team at finish whose location is braeburn lodge?
What is the chemical compound of polyvinyl chloride?
Tell me about member of sports team of Ian Rush and number of matches played?
which magazine starts with z
Where in the administrative territorial entity of Umbria was Monica Bellucci born?
WHAT Australia and Oceania?
Where and what did Hilary Mantel study?
What treatment is Neil Diamond getting for his health issues?
Which is possessed by spirit by spirt?
Tell me political party whose name has the word veritas in it.
What is the name of the administrative body for the capital of Mumbai
What is it?
Who is executive authority of play snowboard?
Which is the historical nationality for the location of Bilbao?
Who is in the administrative territorial entity of Tbilisi and when is the end time?
What borders Senegal and yet is a member of AFRISTAT?
Who are the members of BP and their chairperson?
Who is the mother of Julio Iglesias and Enrique Iglesias?
Who is writer of bibliographic citation of Survey of human genes of retroviral origin: identification and transcriptome of the genes with coding capacity for complete envelope proteins?
Where in the Soviet Union did Andrei Bely die?
What is the base of a cube?
Who has surname as Mireille Mathieu and similar to Matias?
What does Pinocchio appear in the form of?
Tell me recurring sporting event whose name has the word world in it.
Who discovered the boron?
Which is the rank of the taxon parent of Physalis philadelphica?
Tell me reference model whose name has the word model in it.
Tell me theorem whose name has the word theorem in it.
Tell me the house cat that contains the word мyka in their name
TELL ME SEASON WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WINTER IN IT.
Which the subject has role and the location of discovery of Iodine?
Tom Hanks voiced which 3D film?
Which is the organization that has it's headquarters located in Aachen?
What mythical character that contains the word zau in their name
What are the signs of Typhoid fever which can be treated with Dopamine?
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
What branch of science starts with the letter v?
What were the statements when Michelle Pfeiffer got nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who is the municipal archive for archives at of Aachen
Where is disciples of Nadia Boulanger, which has location of death is Azores?
Tell me physical quantity whose name has the word work in it.
What power plant and manufacturer is responsible for the Rockwell B-1 Lancer?
Tell me about animated feature film for voice actor of Ellen DeGeneres?
Tell me superhero that contains the word wolfsbane in their name
Which is the subject in Sunyata having science,that studies about Buddhist studies?
What drives the subject of the language change statement
What state is the University of Iowa located?
Tell me about spouse of Julio Iglesias and end cause?
What specimen type does Piper nigrum belong to?
What is the solitary with the lowest height whose instance of is Tilia platyphyllos?
Which is continent of death place of Thomas Morley?
Who is the brother of the actress Trishna?
In what position did Charles XIV John of Sweden replace Charles XIII of Sweden?
Which is official language of basin countries of White Sea?
Which is the Wikimedia template that populates this category of Gujarati?
How much did Ellyse Perry score when playing for which team?
What is the document published by the National Constituent Assembly that contains the word citizen in its name
What is the daughter of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister is Maria Anna d'Asburgo-Lorena?
Who replaced Charles Evans Hughes as the Chief Justice of The United States?
what is the key incident in the provenance of Glencore?
What parent body constellation is Messier a part of?
Name the eponym of volt, who is professor by profession.
who work of motif of david with the head of goliath?
Which document is the main regulatory text of the Soviet Union?
What is the parent university of Purdue University?
What is Proxima Centauri's companion?
Who is the candidacy in election for United States Congress?
What are the linguistic typology and grammatical gender of Spanish language?
Who is the child of William Jennings Bryan that has the biological sex of male?
What is the reservoir of Lake Winnebago?
Which fruit type is the higher taxon of Philodendron edmundoi?
Which song was Ringo Starr nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score?
This sentence makes no sense.
For which work Patrick White received the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
Who owns Disneyland and who is it named after?
What are the treaty which start with the letter t
What is the item operated of a B-29 Superfortress?
Which is the instance of Puduhepa?
Which is the process function of the measured physical quantity of joule?
Tell me dyed whose name has the word yan in it.
What game is played by backgammon players and contains the word backgammon?
What is the first described of the ideology of Progressive Party?
Which is the HQ location in The Economic Times having Indian reservation in Bombay State?
Joseph belongs to what family?
Who are the film crew members and cast members of Game of Thrones?
Which is marry of Cassiopeia, who has son is Andromeda?
What is the language of the people indigenous to chupenme la pija giles ndeahhre?
What is the garrison of AT&T, which is in the settlement of Denton County?
which time of the day contains the word morning in their name
What position was David Cameron elected to?
what are the mathematical notation which start with the letter s
When and where did Victor Hugo marry his spouse, Adele Foucher?
Tell me about member of sports team of Rinus Michels and number of points/goals/set scored?
Who is the winner of Friends who has received Primetime Emmy award for Outstanding comedy series?
Which image compression contains the word graphics in it's name?
Which is antonym of painting of Madonna enthroned with child and Saints Petronius and John the Evangelist?
Which videogame studio developped Pong?
Who is rector of Moscow State University, which alumna of is Saint Petersburg State University?
What is the academic degree of Al-Waleed bin Talal?
What is the death location, whose partner city is Jakarta, of Samuel Butler?
Which antiparticle of the antineutron has the longest mean lifetime?
What kind of steam engine was invented by james Watt
Name a film shot in New York that starts with letter S
What is the business with the least debt on the Euronext?
Which taxon has the highest chromosome count?
which is scientific area of developed by of perl?
Which is the Japanese writing system for the writing system of Japanese?
What is alphabet language signed of Ōe no Yoshitoki?
What is the organize sport of Super_Bowl?
What subject has role which physically interacts with of Dopamine?
What is the taxonomic type of Cactaceae?
What are the radiation particles that contain the word cosmic in their names?
Which is the period The Great Gatsby was set in?
What are the titles of The X-Files episodes?
Who is The X-Files' creator and executive producer?
What is the official language of Vantaa?
Who is known for being the script writer of Barefoot Gen: Explosion of Tears?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Who was replaced by Clovis I as King of France?
Which is the sign language for the signed form of Esperanto?
Which detached object has the highest mean of anomalies?
What is the admin HQ of Alma Matter and Victor Hugo?
Tell me Mahavidya whose name has the word tara in it
Which musical instrument of musician is used on A Theme from The Threepenny Opera?
Which is the automobile model that is manufactured by Honda?
Which nonprofit organization has the highest total expenditure?
Which is the extensive physical quantity that is measured by the inertial mass and starts with the letter m?
Which CAF Champions League has the highest number of points/goals/set scored?
Which is the metasublass for diaspora?
What are the winged horse which start with the letter pegasus
Which of the chemical compounds with an active ingredient of Qutenza has the highest Scoville grade?
who is the head of government of Vancouver?
What is the public company with the most debt subsidized by Carrefour Bio?
Who worked as the manager/director of École Normale Supérieure?
What award did Brokeback Mountain receive in the 78th Academy Awards?
What is the opposite of inorganic chemistry?
Which is the fictional universe which takes place in the fictional universe of The Matrix?
Give the name of the hill with the highest isolation whose is at a high range.
Tell me town in Croatia whose name has the word šibenik in it.
What gaming platform is Second Life on?
What country related to Israel has the highest debt related to GDP?
What does social science essentially study?
What is a product of the automotive industry that is similar to a power-driven vehicle?
What are the form of government which start with the letter unicameralism
What is the railway gun with min muscle velocity whose country is France
Give the name of the gram-negative strain that has the highest maximum viable temperature.
What are winged horse which start with the letter p
What town is twinned with 2NE1?
What theatre did Frank Gehry design?
What is the taxon synonym of angiosperms?
Who is the cast member for the role of Bunny Lebowski in the Big Lebowski?
Who are the writers and collaborators to Chris Odom?
What are the comics character which start with the letter viper
Who wrote Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde?
Who are the children and siblings of Alan Alda?
Who is Nicole Richie's mother?
What is the type of procedure for the taxonomy of Durio
Which FPGA prototype open source hardware has the highest voltage?
What is in the airline hub of Qantas?
Tell me public company whose name has the word yandex in it.
Which award was received by Andrew Scott for his fictitious character Sherlock?
What genre of music is in the series titled Bound?
WHat does biology study?
What is prescribed drug of academic field of oncology?
What is the kinship with the lowest family relationship degree whose series is Ahnentafel?
Tillandsia usneoides has a basionym of what?
Who is the party chief representing Shaanxi?
What is the excipient with the highest kinematic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
What region does Leo Visser compete in?
Where does Gloria Estefan work and where did her formation occur?
Where did Walter Scott die?
Tell me the mantra that contains the word mantra in their name.
Tell me circumstellar disk whose name has the word belt in it.
What nationality is Jerry Lucas?
Which is the category for films shot at the location of A Coruña?
Tell me excipient whose name has the word xylitol in it.
what is mineral species distributed by ccs and also which starts with letter p
What species was found to be the host of the hypothetical protein Mb0514?
What fictional universe did Green Lantern take place in and who create Green Lantern?
In what theatrical field was Allen Ginsberg employed?
What episode preceded Opie's Newspapers?
What sports team did Abedi Pele belong to and how many matches did they play?
Name the carbon-containing flammable gas with the lowest standard enthalpy of formation?
The Kingdom of Hawaii utilizes the base currency of which government or authority?
What awards has Loretta Lynn won?
Who's home town is New York City and made the musical score from The Rite of Spring?
Who is appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Which of Grace Kelly's works had earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for the Best Actress?
What is the medium mountain stage with the lowest event distance whose general classification of race participants is Nairo Quintana?
Name the church monument where Paul was the patron saint
What was Robert Donat nominated for in Goodbye, Mr. Chips?
What country uses the sterling pound as its currency?
Which is location born of concubine Margaret Rudd?
What written by creator of The Adventures of Tintin, has been prize awarded as the Officer of the Order of the Crown?
What are the analytic function which start with the letter function
What Arctic oscillation blizzard had the lowest level of precipitation?
Who replaced Thurgood Marshall as the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the US?
Which is the product or the material produced of tomato juice?
What is the genetic association that regulates the molecular biology of hsa-miR-4323?
What takes place on Rosh Hashanah in the month of Tishrei?
Emmanuel Macron is the head of which sovereign state?
What is the monument with the highest luminous intensity whose heritage designation is Rijksmonument?
What field does Fernand Maillaud work in?
Which polytheistic religion did the Etruschi follow?
Who is the player that participated in Barbora Spotakova?
Tell me the method for determining hypertension with a CACNB2 genetic association?
What tree is in the Quebec provincial logo?
Where is the death place of Gerrit Rietveld located in the district of Themaat?
Which is the domain of subset?
For what song did Kid Cudi receive the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Performance?
Which religious book is represented in Melchizedek's work?
What was Claudette Colbert nominated for in the 8th Academy Awards?
Name an online dictionary written by John Simpson that contains the word dictionnary in its name
What is killed by Harry Potter?
Who located the administrative territorial entity resting place of Harald III of Norway?
Which is the summit of the highest point of Shanghai?
Who is club manager of actress of WrestleMania III?
Which religious text did Exodus follow?
Captain Gerry Brisson plays for what?
What is located in the landscape of The Scream?
Who is the airline alliance of Singapore Airlines?
What is the official symbol of New Brunswick?
Which is the update method for iTunes?
what is in the modified version of Over the Rainbow?
What is the birthplace of Konrad Adenauer, which is bordered by the Rhein-Berg District?
What is tutor Andreas Vesalius' career?
Name a country related to Israel that starts with letter H
Which is the automobile model as the vehicle normally used by Elizabeth II?
Who is the gene for genetic association of allergic rhinitis
What muncipality of Norway starts with the letter ø?
Mention the fictional human character murdered by Luke Skywalker
Who contributed to the published works of El Mundo?
Which is the public company that has the material produced of Coca-Cola?
What is designed and influenced by JavaScript?
Who created Esperanto?
Who is the island nation for participant of North African Campaign
Where is the governmental capital of Ujjinakoppa?
What college did Virgil Thomson attend?
What award was Dianne Wiest nominated for at the 67th Academy Awards?
Who publishes the book  Examining the race specific prevelance of hidradenitis suppurativa at a large academic center, results from a retrospective chart review?
Who is the operator and builder of the Bombardier Dash 8?
What is the opposite of a superhero
Which is the two-part episode for the series The X-Files?
What is the subsidiary of which is owned by of Laserdisc?
Which is part of the ecology?
Which rare disease killed Lou Gehrig?
Which is the male given name for the language of work in Russian?
What are the Luther city which start with the letter w
Who is the Turkish bath for named after of Suleiman the Magnificent
Waht actors are in Romance Revisited: The Songs of Jose Mari Chan?
Which is the social of intangible cultural heritage status of the inventory of the immaterial cultural patrimony of France that starts with the letter d?
Which business division does The Walt Disney Company belong to?
Who are the relatives of Heinrich Himmler?
At which university does Linus Pauling work?
Which Chinese character has the tallest stroke count?
What is on the coast of Aleutian Islands, that has a tributary in Los Angeles River?
What is the national necropolis in France with the highest quantity buried whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Souain-Perthes-lès-Hurlus?
Does cinnamon contain a natural product of taxon called Cinnamomum verum?
What countries participated in the Battle of France?
What what is animated film city of the United States chicago
What award Angela Lansbury has received at Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical?
Who was the significant person during the trial Brown v. Board of Education?
What hockey team in the NHL contains Ottawa in their name?
Tell me national cuisine whose name has the word mex in it.
Which referendum in Ireland, following the Eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland, has the least amount of spoiled votes?
What is the studied by and the partially coincident with of Human_body?
What is the wikipedia article for the Autobahn?
Which is the scientific academic field of Zdzisław Szymański?
What is the height record held by Renaud Lavillenie?
Of what sports team is Kenny Dalglish a member and how many matches has he played?
What film production company was founded by Oprah Winfrey?
Which sovereign state participated in the North African Campaign?
Who developed the continent of the Amundsen Sea?
What position and sports team does Thierry Henry play on?
What is the supplementary intercardinal direction with the highest angle opposite of east-northeast?
Which port has the highest production rate?
Tell me sport discipline whose name has the word wheelchair in it.
Name the listed Salzburg town monuments containing the word Salzburg in their name.
Who is the composer of All We Know?
Name the record label behind the surge of Suge Knight
What is American Airlines airline hub for the international airport
Where is the resting place of dedication of the Church of St Peter?
What is the Sister City of the final resting place of Hafsa bint Umar?
Which is characters of software framework Civilization VI: Rise and Fall?
Who is the parent company of the label of Carabao?
Who is the author of and who illustrated the cover of Treasure Island?
What what is animated nonprofit organization distributed by MGM and English
What is the history of oppression?
Tell me which programming language implementation starts with the letter y?
tell me aspect of history name has the word propaganda it it
Which is the union for administrative territorial entity?
State the confederation of Jefferson Davis?
chupenme la pija giles ndeahhre' is written in what language?
What was the HH-60 Jayhawk developed from?
Which role does Markwayne Mullin play in government?
Who is the sibling of Subutai?
Who dubbed the series Pretty, Pretty Dresses?
What is the subdivided into of the land of Dubrovka?
What are the municipality of Spain that contains the word zumaia in their name
who Wikimedia category for category for employees of the organization of Columbia University?
Did Louis VI of France die at the Chateau de la Douye?
What songs are on the tracklist of Led Zeppelin IV?
WHICH IS THE ICE HOCKEY TOURNAMENT THAT CONTAINS THE WORD TROPHY IN THEIR NAME
What career uses a fishing reel?
Where is the anatomical location of the cerebellum?
What sister of Jean Shrimpton has brown eyes?
For what work was Russel Crowe nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Name a vegetation zone in Europe that starts with letter T
What is L-Tyrosine encoded by
What is the personal name of David Eddings is it said to be different From Taavet?
Who is the brother or sister of George II of Great Britain?
What are the integer which start with the letter i
The country of Catania has which cities?
Where is the location born of Mischa Maisky, which is adjacent to the Mārupe Municipality?
Which is measured by quantity of erg?
Who is related to Kate Spade?
What is the political party that Hillary Clinton is a member of?
What organization did Alexander Pushkin found?
Which color appears in Rocketeer?
What political border does the Congress of Vienna have cause to be interested in?
What is capital of Ōtsu?
What is the namesake of the Riemann zeta function, which has the Cauchy–Euler equation in its significant works?
Tell me the United States federal executive department that contains the word department in their name
Where is the co-founder of The Evening of Ashura from?
What is the capital of Chicago
Theo van Doesburg is the Prime Minister of what place?
what is the represents for North Atlantic Treaty that has signatory as Dean Acheson?
Who gave thetakes places during of previous is of New Year?
Tell me the scientific model that starts with the letter w
Who won the Battle of Austerlitz?
Who developed the Hughes H-4 Hercules?
Which is the nonprofit organization if the formation location of Paris?
What field of work does Porfirio Díaz do?
WHO COMES BEFORE OR AFTER ESTONIAN SOVIET SOCIALIST REPBULIC?
What awarded Peter Sellers was nominated for at 37th Academy Awards?
What Chinese dynasty followed the Yuan dynasty?
What is the union for Airbus A320s?
What writing system does Arabic use?
Give the chemical compound with the least speed of sound who is part hydrogen?
Which is the fruit type of nut?
What relative or kinship is the first cousin once removed descending of Salvador Allende?
Who is the sponsor of Henry Luce?
Which musician is successor of Sleeping Beauty.
who brother of 1st place medalist of Screen actors guild life achievement award?
Mention the horse used by Robert E. Lee during mounting.
For what Walter Huston nominated for The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What is designer of ship armament in2015 San Bernardino shooting?
which of the villages has endemism of leafy seadragon?
What is bordered by Netherlands Antilles and is located in the administrative unit of Amiens?
What honors have coined the compact disc?
Mention the symptoms and the signs resulting from the tantalum
Tell me a civil parish that begins with the letter w
What is the used language of Jack Nicklaus, that has AWLD statues and is 1 safe?
Which is the CERO rating for The Legend of Zelda?
Who gave thetypology of language native of Uyghur people?
What is the edition of the game platform of Star Trek Online?
What major event happened to Alfred Doblin and were did it happen?
What part of North Dakota is located in the Mountain Time Zone?
Using a typology of time-manner-place, in what language does Hiroshi Sugimoto write?
What is next to Confederate States of America having diplomatic relation of Ecuador?
What's the human for Adelaide's design?
tell me the agriculture revolution that contains the word revolution in their own name.
What is is the name of the anatomical artery branch of the large intestine?
where is the powerpoint of steam turbine?
When is Chinese New Year?
Who is the actor in Captain Typho?
Who is the maker of the board game Score?
For what show was Zooey Deschanel nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series?
Which G-type main sequence star has the maximum stellar rotational velocity?
What is the professional term for Rugby?
What is the age range described by the term young adult?
Give the central processing unit with the lowest thermal design power whose part of the class is L3 cache?
Who composed The Carnival of the Animals?
Where was David Icke born and what position does he play?
What are the giants for Heracles ' murder?
What magnets does the Large Hadron Collider use?
What is award received of Harlan Ellison that is work is \Repent, Harlequin!\ Said the Ticktockman?
Who designed the nuclear weapons tests for the Manhattan Project?
which building has the highest cost?
What civilisation denominates Yazdegerd III?
What is the custodian of the connected with Roadside station Echizen?
What city is the capital of Lagdo?
What is the name of a tournament that starts with the letter w.
What was Edward Albee was nominated for on the 19th Tony Awards?
Who is the person that was influenced by Hypatia?
who titleholder of nomination received of nebraska?
What college libraries are at Yale University?
Who created Memoires d'Outre-Tombe?
Which brother of Atahualpa has sons?
Where is incumbent of professorship position of John Budden?
Who is profession's field is musician having a timeline of topic of history of music?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
Which is the death place of Gustav Mahler?
Name the musical instrument used in song Face to the Sky song
What event in the 1951 24 Hours of Le Mans did A.J. Foyt take part in?
What position did Raymond Poincare hold and is now being replaced by Jacques Bainville?
who is the empire for diplomatic relation of ottoman empire?
What is the founder of the located in of The Parnassus?
Who are the writers of Mahabharata with children in Dhritarashtra?
What is the outcome of summer Olympics 2012 opening ceremony at Kenenisa bekele?
Who is the inventor of the anatomical location of sinoatrial node disease?
What is the weapon model with the maximum rate of fire whose subclass of is naval artillery?
Which is the religion text that has as an edition that of King James Version?
Who is the discoverer of runes that has a girlfriend in Gunnloo?
which public educational institution of the United States starts with letter u
What is orbited by of star of Messier 4?
For which category did Henry Mancini win in the 34th Academy Awards?
The antiparticle of an elementary particle is what premium particle?
Who are the kids of Shiva whose life partner is Devasena?
What academic subject is Euler's identity the discoverer of?
Michael Dell is CEO of what privately held company?
What is the type of quantum particle with the lowest g-factor whose interaction is weak interaction?
Tell me milk tea whose name has the word tarik in it.
What can you develop with Autodesk Vault?
Tell me the name of a religious denomination which starts with the letter u.
Who is the fallen angel that is worshiped by Christianity?
What is the principle basis, for the Special Region Law of Hong Kong.
What is the organization that regulates Esperanto?
When did educated at of Venus Williams and academic major?
Which empire did the Parthian follow?
Who was Richard I of England's mother?
What is the middle name of Frederick I whose nick name is Frederick?
who movie director of part of series of home court disadvantage?
Tell me programming paradigm whose name the word programming in it.
What are the mythological serpent which start with the letter z
What is the dynasty of Meiji whose co-founder is Jimmu?
which laws applied for potassium hydroxide?
What position did Arthur Griffith hold in East Cavan?
What governor of Aosta Valley was also a veterinarian?
What type of relationship did the siblings Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach and Wilhelm Friedemann Bach have?
What language of William John Macquorn Rankine has a typological order of place-manner-time?
What markup language is HTML5 based on?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Algeria and Indonesia?
Which is the cardinality of this set of 1?
Which television series did Francis Ford Coppola produce?
What are the United States Supreme Court decision which start with the letter v
Who is the songwriter of the song, Rhapsody in Blue?
What may be prevented with aspirin?
What is developed from fruit?
What Philippine city with the largest electorate is in Bohol?
What is the composed by of the described by work of Lizard?
What is Vancouver Island bordered by in administrative units?
Which Class IIIA combustible liquid has the highest IDLH?
What custom contains the word zwänzgerle in its name?
Which ensemble of buildings has the smallest intensity of luminosity?
What material is produced by Chevron corporation?
What role does John Hope Franklin have in the American Historical Association?
State the mathematical concept behind the Spacetime manifestation.
Which central bank has the highest target interest rate?
what is the instruction set of runtime windows 95?
Name a mutant in X-MEN that starts with letter W
Where is death place of Ignaz Semmelweis, which has next to is Heiligenstadt?
For what work was Seal in nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album?
What separation process did Zosimos of Panopolis invent with the word distillation in its name?
Name the birth city of Skepta in the country of Nairobi that has been subdivided
WHICH IS THE MONTORY AUTHORITY WITH THE MOST TARGETINTEREST RATE
Who is Calvinism named for?
When is Naruto Uzumaki's birthday?
Tell me Beer festival whose name has the word oktoberfest in it.
which position David Trimble holds and when did he select?
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
What is bordered by death of William Booth
Tell mec ommunist party whose name has the word práce in it.
What is the name of the democratic republic, previously occupied by indigenous people, which now the majority of its population speaks American English?
Tell me an arithmetic calendar that has the word calendar in it's name.
Who is this cast member from the show Game of Thrones?
Name the person who was married to Enki, who had a legislative period in the Ancient Near East?
Which Shumen cave has the lowest temperature?
What is the country of the Bangalore?
What is the name of the person who died due to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What sports co-founder is apart of E.&H.T. Anthony &Co.?
What are the paradox which start with the letter u
Which role model is contestant of The Black Dahlia?
Is William Lawson's first name the same as Gwyllym?
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
What is the office held by the governor called?
Who was the voice actor in The Lion King?
What is the event location in action of the Allies?
What is the Diamond the same as and what is it named after?
What is the working language of endemism of the Tasmanain devil?
Which is won by succeded by of Freestyle skiing at the 2014 Winter Olympics – Men's moguls?
What is dissertation submitted to for Gordon Brown?
What is the head position of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Which dialect is the official language of the Achaemenid Empire?
which federation with the lowest life expectancy whose contains administrative territorial is saxony-anhalt?
What is the manner of death and the position played on team / speciality by Babe_Ruth?
For which work did Omar Sharif receive the Cesar Award for Best Actor?
Where was the location of the Battle of Gettysburg and who were the participation that fought in that war?
Who plays the sister in Red Line?
What is the holds position of the government headed by Frankfurt?
What is the spoken language of Jadwiga of Poland?
What was the space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that starts with letter V?
What team does Alcides Pena play for?
Is Rio de Janeiro a sister town to Athens?
Was Natalia Molchanova born in the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
Who is the crew of Cosmonaut Michael Fincke?
What is timeline of topic for culture of Belle Barth?
who is depicted by Phan Thi Kim Phuc?
What place was Oliver Hazard Perry born that has a diplomatic relation to Chile?
For Bill Varney was Star Wars Episode V: the Empire strikes back of award received in winner?
What country has the lowest inflation rate?
Who is the Mistress of John Wayne, who is also the winner of the Knight of the Order of Leopold?
What is the motto of Shahada?
Where is the tourist information office in Frankfurt?
Who is mother of kids of Jason Robards?
What invention contains the word tourbillion in its name?
What are the place of birth and the child of Pete Wentz?
What part of the series is preceded by Hooked on Monkey Fonics?
The antiparticle of a neutron is what quantum particle?
Where did this DVD come from and who owns it now?
who sculpted the drawing hands?
Who is the Chief Executive Officer of Walmart?
To which musical movement did John Cage belong?
Tell me Original Public Ivy whose name has the word university in it.
What is cover artist for Peter Blake?
What is the award first described by the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine?
What is associated with the Umayyad conquest of Hispania?
who is the writer of Julius Caesar who has a sister named Joan Shakespeare?
Which is the language of work or name of Appetite for Destruction?
Who gave theson of of son of of William FitzMaurice, 2nd Earl of Kerry?
What is the condition of meterology containing the word drought in its name?
Who is Superman's sidekick?
Which flammable liquid has the highest ionization energy?
Who is informed by Friedrich Schiller, that has a father-in-law named Peter Im Baumgarten?
What gelatin item in the collection has the shortest width?
In what film did Jacqui Verdura play Harley Quinn?
Which is the filmography for Orange Is the New Black?
What is name after of Carnot heat engine, which has Christian name is Nicolas?
With a local government area of Zhenjiang, where was Gong Qiuxia born?
Which is the instruction set of 16-bit architecture?
Where did Zelda Fitzgerald and F. Scott Fitzgerald marry?
Tell me art movement whose name has the word yamato in it.
Did Jennifer Lawrence receive the MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance?
The Laotian Civil War was fought by what diplomatic parties?
What is the capital city twinned to Kiel that contains the word tallinn  in its name
What is the name of film studio that starts with letter s
What type of Pentium M microprocessor has the smallest number of processor cores?
Who gave the summit of system of mountains of Stevens Pass?
What is the official language of Romania?
Who wrote the sequel to The Glory?
What is won by the honorary titles of The Settlers of Catan?
Who were the victims due to Cimon's actions?
Which sports team was Valeriy Lobanovsky a member of and how many matches did he play?
TELL ME HUMAN SETTLEMENT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZANZIBAR IN IT.
Where Clement I dired at Bosporan Kingdom?
When was John Dalberg-Acton, 1st Baron Acton, elected as the Member of the 19th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Ruth Benedict lives in what administrative location?
What is the constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom with the most number of representatives in an organization/legislature whose country is United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
Nathan M. Pusey replaced James Bryant Conant in what position?
Who was the operator of the Airbus A320?
Tell me chemical substance whose name has the word zeolite in it.
Who was Louis, Count of Evreux's mother?
Where were Catharine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge married?
Which position does Justin Trudeau hold?
What instrument does Darrell Pace play?
Name a former municipality of the Netherlands that shares a border with Rotterdam
What is the language spoken by Ben Carson?
What statement does Fiji support that can mean a partly free country?
Who is the developer of Stirling engine whose died in Galston
Tell me universal library whose name has the word library in it.
Give me the most effected wrench model?
Who is favorite player of The Rolling Stones, that has found guilty of is tax evasion
What is INTEGRAL's start point?
what is the facet of a polytope shape of six-side die?
which sport in a geographic region has maximum number of clubs in Australia?
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Dobsonian telescope, whose location of birth is Beijing?
Which are the subsidiary entities of the maintainer of Forth Bridge?
What business is the organization of the American Broadcasting Company in?
Which is is in the arrondissement of of Arkansas River, that has divided into is Trego County?
Who is the active mayor of Johann Gottlieb Fichte?
which terriain feature group is located on city of london?
what is the birth place of Erik Erikson,is he the head of the national Government Kurt Balum?
What are the influences portrayed by Standards?
Tell me about the codon that is encoded by glycine.
What has pet of dog?
How is Windows 10 updated?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
What rotary cannon did General Electric design that starts with the letter m?
Who is the empire for country of citizenship of Vladimir Lenin
Who was the author that appeared in Professor Shattuck?
What does Air China build?
Who graduated and played Burnin' the Roadhouse Down.
Who gave the initial cause of outcome of Mechanization?
What is the order for the Battle of Lepanto?
What is the type of government in the state of Norfolk?
What is Dionysus's character opera?
Frank Gehry created what sculpture?
On planet Nine, the G-type main-sequence star for the child astronomical body is called what?
What is the prequel of Ray Stantz titled?
What is the original language of Television in Mexico's typology?
Erythromycin is used to treat what disease the most?
Who founded the superior formation of Weyerhauser, Canada?
What is the business enterprise with the highest maximum gradient whose instance of is business enterprise?
What are the words by My Old Kentucky Home whose career is lyricist?
Which is the voice type of Paul McCartney?
What is the highest position in the Greater London administrative body?
What award was Gerard Depardieu nominated for his work of Camille Claudel?
Who owns and founded the company JPMorgan Chase?
Who is the chemical compound for significant drug interaction of (RS)-methadone
ATP reacts with which protein?
What is the largest depth of a lunar crater?
Tell me about the television program WWE and its production company.
Who is the stepparent of Ludwig von Mises?
Who gave the subsidiary of previous is of Académie des Beaux-Arts?
Who is the prime minister at admin HQ of the International Ice Hockey Federation?
How many albums were recorded by Duran Duran?
What is the SI derived unit for the measured physical quantity of density?
Which is the chronology topic of the location in the administrative territorial entity of Grace Episcopal Church?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Where is place of residence of Ewan McGregor, whhich has subdivided into is Alhambra?
What is the design of the satellite Jupiter Heliopolitanus?
What is the crafted from of the artist of The Thin Mercury Sound?
What voice is actresses from work of Death the Kid?
tell me steroid hormone that starts with t
What movie was Sissy Spacek nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
What kind of employment do the spouses of Jussi Björling do?
What is the royal title of Louis the Pious and who followed his reign.
How many goals did Garrincha score?
who treated by of method of murder of mohammed rafi?
Which is the association of the chairperson Thomas Bach that contains the word committee in it's name?
What is the name of the secondary national association football team for the Zinedine Zidane Team members?
What are the human which start with the letter t
Which is the permanent duplicated item of famine?
Who gave the prequel of of location of narrative of Candide?
What are the orthologs of genetic association of amytrophic lateral sclerosis?
What subclass model of spaceship has the longest shelf life?
Tell me artistic theme whose name has the word theotokos in it.
Jon Voight was nominated for what award for his work on Anaconda?
Who is the father of Nefertiti?
Tell me freeway network whose name has the word system in it.
What are the writing system which start with the letter W
What silent short film depicts Richard III of England?
Which is the Ethnologue language status for Esperanto?
What goddess was from the Inca Empire?
which doctrine starts with the letter t
What insectiside which contains phosphorus has the highest melting point?
What is in conflict of armed with of A.100?
What is the opposite of a positron that is pulled by gravity?
What is the birthplace of Yi Xing, that borders Anhui.
What are the data serialization format that contains the word yaml in their name
Species. See text. Cupressus is one of several genera within the family Cupressaceae that have the common name cypress; for the others, see cypress. It is considered a polyphyletic group. Based on genetic and morphological analysis, the genus Cupressus is found in the subfamily Cupressoideae.
What counties are found in The Kyle and Jackie O Show in the City of Fairfield?
which mosque starts with s
What is Peter Gabriel's record label?
What is the leaf material used for?
What area of law starts with l?
Where is Sullivan Glacier island located?
Which means instrument for harmonica?
Who gave theproduct of of series of Honda RC174?
Which is the ancient civilization in the time period of Ancient Near East and whose name contains the word summer in it's name?
Which the venue of the bibliographic citation of the Toward a general psychobiological theory of emotions?
What is the family relationship between Gina Lollobrigida and Guido Lollobrigida?
What aware did Paulo Freire receive as doctor honoris causa?
What was Claude Rains nominated for in Notorious?
In which city in Carbon County was the invention of Frank Zamboni made?
Who is the human for position held of United Nations Secretary-General
Where did David Livingstone die?
who leader of awards of cliff robinson?
What is the type of architecture in the stadium that held the 1902 All England Badminton Championships -- Women's doubles?
Who is the employer and position of Gabriel Fauré?
What are the phonetic alphabet which start with the letter t
Who is the record producer of The Dark Knight Rises?
who married to of daughter o of Constantine VII?
Which is the antonym of the location of the moustache?
What patent medicine did John Pemberton invent that starts with the letter c?
Is principle office Girls' Generation new label?
When did member of sports team of George Weah and number of matches played?
Who replaced Benazir Bhutto as Prime Minister of Pakistan?
Who is field partners of Richard Banda?
What is the current time in Singapore MRT?
Kanishka held what position until when?
What position does Lady Jane Grey hold in the Kindom of England?
WHERE AMONG THE DIVISIONS OF SOUTH HOLLAND IS STREEFKERK
What are the results of the iPod Touch 6 developers?
What is Claude Shannon's major?
Tell me the branch of biology that contains the word virology in their name
Which is the domain of saint or deity of Francis of Assisi?
Who gave the titleholder of nomination received of Jennifer Capriati?
Who were the members of the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
When did noble title of Guy of Lusignan and follows?
What is it?
Which is replaced by Tamar of Georgia?
Who is the discography for discography of Yo-Yo Ma
who citrate anion for conjugate base of citric acid?
What timezone has the largest UTC offset?
Name the Original Public Ivy led by a chancellor that contains the word Carolina in its name
Which is located and participated in the conflict of Thomas Blamey?
When is the season beginning for the?
What unit of time can bu used to measure duration and contains the word year in its name
When was Ralph Richardson nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Academy awards?
What are the Mahavidya which start with the letter t
What style of architecture is Geraldine Page?
What is the country code and internet domain of the European Union?
Tell me the activity which has social control as fabrication method and contains the word management in it's name?
Who is the chef-lieu of the Deccan sultanates?
What is the received signal type of Gaia?
For what work did Neil Patrick Harris receive an Emmy Award?
Who does Michael Jordan play for and how many matches has he played?
What animated series does Phil LaMarr voice in?
what were the architecture firm of home water of boston celitics/
What person holding an honorary title was the Nobel prize in Physics for the becquerel named after?
What is the characters of the appears in of Stacy Warner?
Which monetary authority on the Singapore dollar has the lowest target interest rate?
Which Soyuz-T has the largest periapsis?
Who is the director of photography of Persona?
Tell me the timezone of the main office of the company Uber
In the field of screenplays, what is Steve Gerber's craft?
What twin city of Buenos Aires did John Nevil Maskelyne die in?
Who is the head of government of Delaware?
What is on the Bay of Tsushima Island, that is a tributary of Iwaki River
What is at the extreme point deepest of Guatemala, whose tributary is Riviere de Cavaillon?
What is Sanskrit's writing system?
Who is the performer of the Japanese's Samus Aran?
In what position did Arthur Henderson replace Austen Chamberlain?
What is the cat films shot of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
Which is the soft drink, manufactured by the Coca Cola Company?
Which is the shooting handedness for Mario Lemieux?
Who has the daughter and son of Aglaé Auguié?
What's the capital of Ōtsu?
What is the sub-item of the History of engineering, that has the same name as the technique?
What was the immediate outcome originating from the Silvertown explosion?
What are the chemical phenomenon which start with the letter corrosion
Which is the IUCN conservation status for Equus ferus przewalskii?
Where is the birth place of Arnold Rothstein during the time Ardolph L. Kline was head of the National Guard?
What divisions are directed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Where was Brain Johnson born and where is his citizenship?
What is the monument of Walter Scott's home?
Who is the regulatory body of the official language of the Republic of Venice?
Which is the taxonomic type for Papilionidae?
what is next to Mie Prefecture, that has arrondissements in the Funai District?
Which play in the Rugby League World Cup has made use of the rugby league ball?
Who is the human for chief executive officer of Ford Motor Company
What is character role of Turandot?
What is the Hebrew writing system
Provide the information of Mimas orbits?
Tell me bell tower whose name has the word tower in it.
What island is farthest from the river mouth?
What genre is the work of Sylvain Guyot?
What are the international parliament which start with the letter p
What Wikimedia article lists Paris monuments?
Who gave the has states of deathplace of Pyotr Zakharov-Chechenets?
Of what nation is Ajay Devgan a citizen?
Which is the state and country of the Watergate scandal?
Whre does Akhenaten died?
Who is with Mel Gibson and when does it start?
who co-founded by of label of scotty mcCreery?
Tell me the male organ that has lymphatic drainage of the Lumbar lymph nodes and contains the word testicle in it's name.
What sovereign state did Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea take place in?
What is Newton's law of cooling named after, that was born in Parnu?
What is the birth place of Raffaele Calace, whose patron saint is Januarius?
WHO IS SISTER OR BROTHER OF SANADA NOBUMASA'S NEPHEW?
who has administrative divisions of neighborhood of eastern front?
What are the game of skill which start with the letter t
What is the used language of Latin literature whose case is ablative case?
Which is the approximation algorithm of pi?
For which song did Hayley Williams receive the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song?
Who is chairperson and member of Popular Unity?
Tell me about cola for product or material produced of The Coca-Cola Company?
When did the Characters of mentioned in Batman?
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
What is the destination point of Franz Josef Land?
What are the dog type which start with the letter t
Which funicular has the smallest maximum gradient?
Who are Paul McCartney's sons and daughters.
Which is after a work by Stanisława Przybyszewska?
What petroleum product has the lowest consumption rate?
Which is the category for employees of the organization of the National Autonomous University of Mexico?
Who replaced Albert Gallatin as the United States senator?
Did the brother of Frederick IV, Duke of Austria have any children?
What cellular component has the word vesicle in its name?
What Academy Awards was Ron Howard nominated for?
What is the head of state's nationality of Francisco Serrao?
Who is ideology of member of party of Michel Pouzol?
when did george orwell receive the award for his work Animal farm?
Who was stepparent of Emperor Wu of Liu Song?
What is the earliest known sport in Scotland?
Who is the son of the brother of Murray Guggenheim?
Who is the human for composer of My Fair Lady
What was the work of Francis Ford Coppola nominated as Academy Award for Best Director?
What are the cryptid which start with the letter y
What type of music is songwriter Princess Mononoke?
WHAT IS THE NEUTRON NUMBER OF SILVER?
What's the first human that starts with the letter p?
What is the irritant with enthalpy of vaporization?
Which people are associated with the civilisation of Hadrian's Wall?
For what musical work did Nine Inch Nails receive a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative music Album?
Which is the satellite state that has the motto Workers of the world, unite! and contains the word democratic in it's name?
What city and division did James, son of Alphaeus die?
Tell me archaeological site whose name has the word tripolis in it.
What is the formation of Zero Mostel with subsidiary company in the United States Army Human Resources Command?
In the Diocese of Lapua, which church is the smallest in capacity?
What is a phase change that starts with the letter s.
What name is given for the least bite force in Otto's encyclopedia?
Name a decimal classification that contains the word classification  in its name
In what field of work was Theodosius Dobzhansky awarded the National Medal of Science?
How many number of wins in this tournament?
who is the animated feature film for narrator of david Spade?
When is diplomatic relation with nationality of Usher?
What is known writer of Shakespeare's sonnets?
Which are the afflicts that has a result of ethylene glycol?
What movie is named after Denzel Washington?
Name the venue in Romania that had diplomatic relations in Israel during World War I.
What is tourist office for office?
Tell me which train service that is operated by Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits and that contains the word express in it's name?
What literary work follows the book of Exodus?
which institution that starts with the letter r
What position is held by James Callaghan and when was he elected?
What is the PTSD treatment medicine?
What did Nick Faldo discover or invent?
Where was Harambe, the gorilla, kept?
Tell me biblical place whose name has the word zorah in it.
GIVE ME THE PROPOSED AIRCRAFT WITH MOST WING AREA
What is the profession of Jose Marti who is also known as Dichter?
Who is the life stance of Zhuang people who has formed in Bodh Gaya?
Who employed J.R.R. Tolkien
Who is the Director of Photography and the Director of Blade Runner?
What are the world day which start with the letter n
Who has a tomb in All Saints' Church and wrote Ninety-five Theses?
What are the standards developing organisation of IEEE 1394, that have subsidiary entities of IEEE Nuclear and Plasma Sciences Society?
Which result belongs to AT&T Laboratories?
Who is the leader of Qantas?
Treaty of Versailles is the aftermath of which world war?
What is the historical aspect of cryptography topic history?
Which is the bridge that is located in the administrative territorial entity of London Borough of Southwark and whose name contains the word bridge?
WHICH IS THE MANTRA THAT IS THE FACET OF HINDUISM AND WHICH STARTS WITH G
Who is the mother of Jesus Christ
What basic emotion starts with the letter t?
Which sovereign state diplomatically related to Bolivia has the least central government debt as a percent of GDP?
Where was Jane Austen born and where did she die?
What is Sovietskyi Raion of annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, that has moveable object location has shires?
What is the record label that 50 Cent belongs to called
In which major city is Urdu the official language?
What government was in charge of Hosni Mubarak's sentence?
What is time zone of subitem of of history of Lithuania?
Which is the currency symbol description for Australian dollar?
Which unit of pressure has maximum conversion to standard unit?
Which is the sexual orientation for asexuality?
Which is the league level above the Ligue 1?
God Save the Queen is the anthem for which island nation?
For which movie did Burl Ives receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
who rector of works for georg simmel?
What denomination in the Durrani Empire has a history in Islam?
Which musical did Andrew Lloyd Webber write?
Name the sea with salt that is used to make brackish water
What degree at Manmohan Singh is Doctor of philosophy?
What effect did the Big Bang have on the universe?
Name a borough of New York City closed to water that starts with letter M
Which satellite orbits of Messier 22?
Where was R.L. Stine born and where does he work?
What country is the current leader of the African Union?
Who is the parent organization and chief executive officer of the Society of Jesus?
Which company owns Burger King?
Who is Pan's Labyrinth's make-up artist?
When does menopause begin?
What village was Pan Yue born in?
What is the country with the lowest median income whose member of is International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
Who Framed Roger Rabbit BBFC ranking was what?
Tell me theme park whose name has the word woman in it.
Which is the superhero from the fictional universe of DC Universe that starts with the letter s?
Who is the executive director at Christopher Wylie's company?
What is The Fleet of the Service Branch of Robert D. Russ?
WHO IS THE TREND ROLE MODEL OF BUCKMINSTER FULLER?
What is the hybrid of hinny?
What key is the Symphony No. 40 written in that was previously F-sharp minor?
Name the construction significant event with the most number of elevators?
What type of taxon is Xynenon?
Which part of the Bible takes place before Exodus?
What is the genetic association of lung cancer, that has otology as vital?
What was Pearl Jam nominated for in their work in the The Fixer?
What are the feminist movement which start with the letter w
Which lake outflow's from the Nile?
Which daughter of Apollo has a male son?
Which is adapted from the common-law wife of Li Shang?
Who is the mother of Hadrian?
What is the asteroid with the lowest rotation period whose site of astronomical discovery is Bishop Observatory?
who is the replaced by John Hancock has position held as Governor of Massachusetts?
Who is the professional or sports partner of Madge Syers?
What country is Santa Monica in where Fred MacMurray died?
William Shakespeare is the famous for writing's in the Sonnet 72.
Which is the historical region located on the terrain feature of the classical antiquity?
When did member of sports team of Andriy Shevchenko and number of matches played?
Who is the wife of Pierre Curie that is married him in Sceaux?
TELL ME PHYSICAL CONSTANT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WAVELENGTH IN IT.
Which actor portrayed Batman in the movie Batman?
What is the antonym of Pol Pot?
What what is property measured by Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children which that starts with letters i
Which is the streak color for apatite?
What is the designer of iPad whose output is Apple Pay?
What type of sport is jujutsu?
Which is the source of inspiration for the characters of The Lion King?
Who is the officeholder of the pope?
Name the native German speaker and songwriter who wrote Leck mich im Arsch.
Who is the person for place of birth in Chicago?
Who is the music genre for based on of country music
What are the diplomatic relations of the Kam people living in South Sudan?
Name a semitic language that used Phoenician alphabet
Who is followed by Oliver Twist?
When did position held of Gianni Agnelli and appointed by?
What uses the German language and was co-founded by the Gestapo?
Which is the annexation that contains the word war in it's name?
What takes place in the House of Cards, if the highest judicial authority is the DC Court of Appeals?
What is the subclass and model number of a belt sander that uses the least power?
Who replaced Maurice Maeterlink as member of Belgium Royal Academy of French language and literature?
What is Joy Division's influence and genre?
What are Mira Sorvino's gender and religion?
What is the namesake of Hall effect whose craft is university teacher?
Which creative works used HTML5
What is the solvent with the lowest Mohs' hardness whose instance of is food ingredient?
Which award was received by Midnight's Children which followed Rites of Passage?
who first language of executive power headed by of North Rhine-Westphalia?
which dwarf planet has the highest rotation period?
Where was Henri Poincare born, who has the shire of Meurthe-et-Moselle?
Who is the referee for Earl Strom?
WHat river is crossing Shangai?
What is the safety classification and labeling for hydrochloric acid?
Who is the human for student of Francis Bacon
What is the job description of job posting 225088?
Jefferson Davis is commemorated for what milestone?
What is the type of kinship Ana Boyer Preysler has as a relative of Enrique Iglesias?
What is the music of Symphony No. 2 whose L1 speaker is Swedish?
What is the battle of Cardinal Richelieu
who favorite player of writer of think like a freak?
Which is the flag carrier which contains the word qantas in it's name?
What time zone is Rhodes located in during Daylight Savings Time?
What award did Princess Mononoke receive at the Animation Kobe Theatrical Film Awards?
What did is the post of Austen Chamberlain and vested?
What was Carole Lombard nominated for in My Man Godfrey?
Name the bullet train with the highest speed limit owned by Reseau Ferre de France?
WHAT IS CIVILISATION OF PLACE OF ACTIVITY OF CLEMENT XI?
Which is the place of birth for Chengguan District?
What was the role for which J.K. SImmons received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the endemism of the lyrebird, which has diplomatic relation in Belgium?
During what time period did WWII occur?
What is the official currency of United Kingdom?
Which is the route of administration of erythromycin?
Who is the plantation for architect of Thomas Jefferson
Which Christian Church has the pope as the office held by the head of the organisation?
Tell me the dialect of the writing system of written Cantonese that contains the word cantonese in it's name.
What are the major literary works in English?
What research institute is a subsidiary of Brown University?
What is the main color of ruby?
What part of Louisiana's history does the Iberia Parish fall within?
What is the significance of Juan Carlos I's abdication?
Which hydroelectric dam produces the most energy?
Who is the person in the time period of Ancient Egypt?
What is the name of Donald Ducks family?
Who directed the movie, Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
What is the diplomatic relation of Limp Bizkit's place of origin?
In what journal is the Laser potodetachment of O3 published?
What color are Brigitte Bardot's eyes and hair?
Tell me ensemble whose name has the word uppenbarelsekyrkan in it.
TELL ME THE TALLEST OF FLAMMABLE SOLID?
Who is the narrator of The Catcher in the Rye?
what is the season of chicago Bulls?
who is owner of player for Milt Palacio?
Who speaks the same language of George Michael?
Tell me which is the operation which contains the word product in their name?
Erythromycin has what kind of physical interaction with other drugs?
What are decays of helium-4?
What is the moon of the parent body in Messier 7?
Which is the sex or gender and the ethnic group of Tyra_Banks?
Which country shares its border with Andorra which is named Andorra-France border?
What toponym of the Spitzer Space Telescope has the forename of Lyman?
TELL ME TYPE OF STATISTIC WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD VARIANCE IN IT.
What is the location of the headquarters of Symantec in the United States of America?
Who replaced Bonaventure as cardinal-bishop?
What is the  determination method  for  Parkinson's disease   genetic association  like  RIT2 ?
Tell me rapid transit whose name has the word subway in it.
What is the official language of the topic of the history of Jamaica?
What is succeded by Three Kingdoms whose used money is ancient Chinese coinage?
For what was Robert Downey, Jr. nominated for relating to his work on the film Chaplin?
What what is territory of australia by na and also which starts with letter n
what is military decoration starts with w
When did member of sports team of Franz Beckenbauer and number of matches played?
Which presidential election had the most eligible voters?
Name the country maintaining the diplomatic relationship with Soviet Union
Who is victim of Battle of Ramillies, which has time zone is Central European Time?
Which sequel is Kingdom of Sardinia, whose chef-lieu is in Rome?
Which is the big city in the continent of North America that starts with the letter v?:
What is structure replaced by World Trade Center?
What is the work of Annibale Carracci, whose patron saint is Luke the Evangelist?
Which flammable solid has the highest flammable limit?
What start located in the constellation of Centaurus has the least radial velocity?
Who is the person that had Adelaide as place of death?
For what subject did The Deer Hunter receive the Academy Award for Best Picture?
Which is the working language of the deity Yahweh?
What is the outcome of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani that which has been coined Univision?
Which piece that contains the favorite player Plautus was written by Richard II?
What are the mode of transport that starts with the letter v
What is list of works for Charlie Chaplin?
who is the record label and genre of The_Velvet_Underground?
tell me social service that name has the word social in it
What is the nominated for award received of Tom_Hardy?
Which fork of the Nile has its orgins in Lake Tana?
Tell me the festival which starts with the letter v!
Who is nominated for Javier Bardem in Nation Society of Film Critics Award?
What metropolis is the sister city of Bern?
Which is the business that has as parent organization the Oracle Corporation?
Tell me the security agency which starts with the letter s!
Which company sings the Star-Spangled Banner?
In what role did David the Second of Scotland, replace Robert the First of Scotland?
What species can reproduce extremely quickly whose family is arachnids?
Flavor Fav is a member of what group, and a citizen of which country?
Who played Kunta Kinte in Roots?
What record label are the Sex Pistols signed with and what albums have been released?
How many seats are in prefectural assembly?
Which single-family detached home was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright?
What is the taxonomic rank of the blue whale?
Which government enterprise operates Airbus A330s?
Which is the chronology which starts with the letter t?
Who is the publisher for works by Harold James Mowat?
Tell me the mathematical model that contains the word theory in their name
I want to know what are the characters from the most famous book Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart?
tell me American football team that home venue Lambeau Field name has the the word bay in it
What is extended from and written by The Man with Two Faces?
The International Council for Science heads up what award?
Name the G-type major prioritized star body in the Uranus
What medication would you use as a drug to treat asthma?
What is the name of the ranch where Ronald Reagan lived?
Who is the local coat of arms for coat of arms of Jerusalem
What company operates and manufactures Airbus_A380?
Which chemical tanker has the largest payload mass?
What is the twin town of Chiba that has shires in Shengze?
What isn't of Dave March's thats biological sex is male?
Which role model of Karl Jespers wrote The Origins of Totalitarianism?
Who is computing of series of Mario Bros.II?
what is the Vamps shortest tour
What award was Nicolas Cage nominated for that he received?
Which is the category of people buried here in Amsterdam?
What manga is written in Japanese?
Al-Waleed bin Talal is the CEO of what company?
How is a marathon practiced and where does its name come from?
Who owns the New York Times?
What field is Katie Tsuyuki's career?
What are the meteorological phenomenon which start with the letter W
Which battery storage power station has the max energy storage capacity?
What excipient that's part carbon has the lowest refractive index?
What is connecting service of AVE?
Tell me posthumous work whose name has the word people in it.
What is the smartphone model with the highest maximum size or capacity whose brand is Motorola?
Is Adam Mickiewicz a resident in the area that divides into Vyborgsky District, Saint Petersburg
What award Katie Ledecky received for Simone Biles?
Which is the province of Iran with the MAX(unemployment rate) what described by source is Sytin Military Encyclopedia?
Who is nominated for the award of Bill Crystal?
What was Gregg Toland nominated for in the 14th Academy Awards?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
What sports team does Ricardo Zamora play for and how many matched has he played?
Name a recurring event happening in the Pershing County that starts with letter B
Within the Vakhsh River, where did Alp Arslan die?
What was the award received by John Huston for his work The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What is the god of solar deity, that
TELL ME STATE FUNCTION WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZENITVERZOGERUNG IN IT.
What is the god of the Hittites?
What national holiday references The McGuire Sisters?
Where is Glasgow nearest body of water located and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
iWhat are the isotope of hydrogen that contains the word tritium in their name
For which work did Penelop Lively win the Carnegie Medal?
Tell me who is found guilty of the head of national government of Pitcairn Islands.
which is significant person of Frederick Douglass?
Name the afflicts of ibuprofen
Name the operator administration accountable for RAF Ascension Island
What is worked of grandchildren of Jan Smets?
What other movie did the filmmakers of A l'aube create?
What are the colours of Mark Zuckerberg's education?
Who is the geography of geographic location for geography of topic of Arab League
Tell me country within the United Kingdom whose name has the word scotland in it.
Where is the publication place of variety that has New York City Council as its council?
Which head of state has the shortest term length of office?
Name an historical region studied by egypotology that starts with letter A
Who is John Huston's stepparent?
Who is the son of Piero the Unfortunate?
What is the parent taxon of Buckwheat?
WHICH IS THE MOUNTAIN STAGE WITH THE MAXIMUM SPEED
who role model of words by dónde estás corazón??
What is the name of an algorithm that starts with the letter s.
What did William Wyler do that caused him to receive the Academy Award for Best Director?
tell me geological process name has word subduction in it
Which quantum particle has the largest decay width and is in the boson subclass?
Who is the writer for Nico Robin?
What position was Robert Menzies given to replace Albert Dunstan?
Who is the employer of professor Fernand Braudel?
What is the relation between South Ossetia and Nicaragua-South Ossetia?
How are called the person living next to Extremadura?
which district of austria starts with w
What language uses the word Antygona instead of what is known in English as Antigone?
Name the American federal holiday that contain the word  thanksgiving in its name
Which is the location on terrain feature for Iberian Peninsula?
What position does John F. Kennedy hold and what position was he elected in?
Which is the dog that is in exhibition history of Anchorage Museum and starts with the letter b?
Tell me language whose name has the word äynu in it.
who is predecessor of position held by head of government of Tainan?
What are the medical specialty which start with the letter t
Tell me about the medical findings regarding the symptoms of lung cancer.
Which member of the deme Aristophanes?
WHAT ADMISTATIVE BODY IS THE PAIR FOR THE COMMUNE OF BILBAO, FRANCE?
Who was participant in conflict of sister Emilio Polli?
Where did Niels Bohr earn his doctoral thesis?
Name a film set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Give the name of the earthquake with the highest magnitude on the Richter magnitude scale?
Which is the pregnancy category for penicillin?
Which country is landlocked in East Asia
For what role was Rachel McAdams nominated for an Oscar at the 88th Academy Awards?
Who is Michel Houellebecq's role model, that works as a librarian?
What is the synonym with the highest gestation period whose instance of is synonym?
Who was the dedicatee at the place of interment for Jude the Apostle?
What type of government is Emmanuel Macron part of?
Which mid-air collision, involving an F-16 Fighting Falcon, had the most survivors?
Tell me social networking service whose name has the word yak in it
Tell me a constellation that starts with 'p'
For which website Julian did use to work for?
Which is the mushroom ecological type of parasitism?
who is the steamship for designed by of Isambard Kingdom Brunel?
What is the isotope of lutetium with the highest half-life whose instance of is isotope of lutetium?
Who is the disease for symptoms of delusion?
What is adjacent to of death location of Michelangelo Antonioni?
Tell me the survival skill that followed by food presentation and which contains the word cooking in their name
Which position applies to the jurisdiction of Bilbao?
Where was Catherine the Great born and died?
What is the public office held by John Russell, 1st Earl Russell, that was appointed by Elizabeth II?
What is the first name of Jules Léotrad, which is the same as Júlio?
Name the mascot for Iron Maiden.
Who is the founder of the Cricket World Cup from North East England?
WHAT COMES FROM LABEL OF LCD SOUNDSYSTEM?
What programming language was developed by Dennis M. Ritchie?
What is the name of the spacecraft which has carried man and completed the largest number of orbits?
What is diplomatic relation citizen of Dizzee Rascal?
Oklahoma City is located in which county?
What is the son of Ja'far al-Sadiq whose sister is Asmaa Bint Jafar?
What competes in Giorgio de Chirico given the candidate of Gerard Ernest Schneider?
Tell me the organization that has the anthem of Anthem of Europe and contains the word community in it's name?
What political party does Aung San Suu Kyi belong to?
Who is the member of political party and the country of citizenship of Joe_Arpaio?
In what field did Zubin Mehta receive the Padma Vibhushan award?
Which dwarf elliptical galaxy for parent astronomical body of Andromeda Galaxy
Which is the language of the writing system of the Arabic alphabet?
What award did Michael Collins receive for his work in The Keepers of Truth?
What are interdisciplinary science which start with the letter t
What id made from Sichuan pepper and has the taxon Zanthoxylum in it?
Who is the thunder god that appears as Artemis?
WHICH IS THE PLACE OF DEATH OF LAS VEGAS
Name the terminal point for Bruges.
Which is the bibliography for the list of works of Jessica Lange?
What is the circle of Cornelius Jansen?
What is located in the administrative territorial entity and twinned administrative body of Toronto?
What is the gender of Sancho Panza, who is often confused with being a man?
What is set in the location of The Boondocks, that has the timeline of topic in the History of Chicago?
What is the chemical compound of the drug used to treat bipolar disorder
Which is facility operated and operated by Singapore Airlines Flight 368?
What is KLM famous for?
what are the country of citizenship, occupation of Steven_Tyler?
Tell me slave rebellion whose name have the word war in their name
Which male character is played by a woman in Faust?
Mount Rushmore is in what mountain range?
who is the art movement for movement of John Cage?
Tell me which is the agricultural deity which starts with the letter s?
Where is the capital that is adjacent to the Rewari district?
Who is nominated for Stagecoach as W. Franke Harling
Tell me the federal states that starts with the letter s
Mention the county seat of Erfurt
What animal makes the most sound on drugs?
Name the asteroid belonging to an asteroid belt with the highest mean anomaly.
Tell me meteorological phenomenon whose name has the word WIND IN IT
What's the human being for Jiang Zemin?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
In which war did the Allies participate?
What is the painting of the pendant to Le feu aux poudres?
Andromeda is the parent of what galaxy?
What is Chris Hansen's mother tongue?
Who is the member of the political party and also the participant of Fedor Emelianenko?
Which award was Ron Howard nominated for?
who is the sculpture for collection of Venice?
Which is indigenous to Liguria?
Who written the prequel of The Structures of Everyday Life?
Tell me news magazine whose name has the word weekly in it.
Name the Character role played by Yunjin Kim as a cast in Lost?
What is the voting round with the maximum number of abstentions whose office contested is State Vice Governor of Brazil?
What is the railway that was formed in Paris?
The crucifixion of Jesus is a significant event for what deity?
Which is a fictional universe described in Bleach?
Mobutu Sese Seko is the chairperson for which political party?
Who is confused with Pearl Bailey that has an alma mater at North Carolina State University?
Which is the animated feature film where David Spade is a voice actor?
Which exchange of Nokia, is shown in Die Hard with a Vengeance?
Which cultural area has the lowest total imports from the significant event Harrying of the North
What is Stephen Hawkins doctoral thesis
What is the environment of the Five Nights at Freddy's game, that has a GNU General Public License?
What was the name of Antonio Gades's wife?
Znin is adjacent to Dusseldorg as they are twin cities.
How are signs of sever acute respiratory syndrome treated?
Who is the producer and administrator of Q/U Imaging ExperimenT?
What fictional location starts with the letter z?
From what country is Jacques Cartier, who was born in Rotheneuf?
Who replaced Zachary Taylor as President of the United States?
Which is the communist party of the mouthpiece of Pravda and which contains the word communist in it's name?
Tell me asymmetric warfare whose name has the word drug in it.
Who is the human for relative of Joseph Conrad
Which is the adjacent building for Tate Modern?
Which United States single has the maximum beats per minute?
What award did Frank Borzage receive for his work of Seventh Heaven?
Where is the architectural structure of architect Zaha Hadid?
What sculpture is located at Yale University?
Where does Christopher Walken reside and what is his occupation?
What is the employment of José Mujica whose field of this employment is agriculture?
What federal state was replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
Is the boyfriend of Poseidon who has daughters Briareus?
who division of teams played for of harry beadles?
Who is replaced as the Prime Minister of Canada, a position previously held by Lester B. Pearson?
What is Swami-Vivekananda's native, spoken and written/signed language?
Tell me me a therapywhose name consist of the word woman and whose Sigmund Freud psychoanalysis
What is the common name with the highest minimum frequency of audible sound whose on focus list of Wikimedia project is Wikipedia:Vital articles?
Vanessa Redgrave was nominated for the Academy Awards.
Who replaced Henry Addinton, 1st Viscount Sidmouth who held the Secretary of State for the Home Department position?
What is the position that was once held by Leo X and then replaced by Adrian VI?
Name something based in New Mexico that has diplomatic relations with the Caymen Islands.
Who gave theemployed by of writer of Dog stories, from the \Spectator\;?
who is the work location of yekaterinburg?
What is the game platform of Candy Crush Saga that reads file format of WebM?
WHICH IS THE MONUMENT WITH THE MAXIMUM LIGHTHOUSE RANGE
What ancient civilization is located on a classical land?
Tell mebook series whose name has the word world in it.
Give me the statement is subject for Annette Bening has nominated for as Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which is the short film that was produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
What are the interdisciplinary science which start with the letter toxicology
For Bryansk Oblast, what is the aspect of Russian literature that has cities?
Where in Damascus was Mehmed the Conqueror buried?
Who replaced Henry VI of England as monarch of England?
which natural number with the highest numeric value whose instance is natural number?
Who is the produce and the executive produce of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
What is Animal Farm derivative work?
Which is the song of the tracklist of OK Computer?
Where are the headquarters of HBO in the United States?
Who is the musician a split from of Tell Me 'bout It?
Who received Steiger Award together with Wladimir Klitschko?
What particle radiation stars with the letter c?
What is the galaxy cluster with the lowest flux whose constellation is Virgo?
Vladimir Lenin was the leader of which country?
Which is the Brit Humes's faculty that has been founded by Thomas Jefferson?
Which business has the most subscribers?
What TV show is inspired by the life of Blackbeard?
Who is the competitor for Battle of Breitenfeld(1631), that has language official as Italian?
What are the enterprise which start with the letter s
Which animated film did Hayao Miyazaki edit?
what is the main regulatory text and the manifestation of hypertext _ transfer_protocol?
Who authored the Second Epistle of John, equivalent to John of Patmos?
who colors of player of nico yennaris?
Tell me mythical human-animal hybrid that contains the word polkan in their name
What are the space observatory which start with the letter x
Tell me the sedative that starts with the letter n
what pupil of gioachino Rossini has a career as a musicologist
Who is the human for professional or sports partner of Scott Moir
What is the administration head quarters of the twin city of Politecnico di Milano?
who is the participant and member Pope_Benedict_XVI?
What language does PewDiePie speak?
Rome was the capital of what former empire?
which religion has it's God incarnated as Jesus Christ?
What is Diego Maradona's second Spanish family name and what position does he play?
What is translation for originating source of Lê dynasty?
Which bridge is maintained by Amtrak?
What was the position for which Kaneshichi Masuda replaced Eisaku Sato?
what is job holder is previous mangalesa of dynasty?
Which is the genetic association that regulates the molecular biology of HSA-MIR-7110-3p?
Does the brother of Fatimah have a Christian name of Abdullah?
What is printed by Johannes Gutenberg?
Where does Heinrich Schliemann work which is also a sister city to Amsterdam?
Where is the place of death of Harry Mazer's wife?
Which landlocked country follows the Islam religion?
which is replaced for ma ying-jeou has position held as chairperson of the kuominatnag?
Tell me ethnolect whose name has the word perkerdansk in it.
What was King Arthur's given name?
which language that starts with u
What character role did cast member Burt Ward play in Batman?
Name the Boston-published commercial catalogue edition with the least pages?
WHAT ARE ECONOMIC SECTOR WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N.
When did member of sports team of John Charles and number of matches played?
Which acid anhydride with the lowest electrical conductivity whose has a part of carbon?
Planet Nine is the parent astronomical body of what Population I star?
who state headed by the town of caraga?
What ended the marriage of Dario Fo and Franca Rame?
What is the position held by Peter Garrett who is replaced by Matt Thistlethwaite?
What was the work John Barry received the Academy Award for Best Original Score that was not a musical?
What member is co-founded by Gianfranco Sanguinetti?
Which planets in the Ring Nebula have moons?
Who is the sister of Charles de Valois, Duke of Angoulême's other child?
Name the sister city of the place where Lisa Nowak was born.
WHICH IS THE GENETIC ASSOCIATION OF MURDER METHOD OF ALEXANDER WOOLLCOTT
what is the replaced by for Hussain Muhammad Ershad has position held as president of Bangladesh?
Which family member of Luca Signorelli is a writer by profession? Name the family member of Luca Signorelli who is a writer by profession. Which of Luca Signorelli's relatives has a career in writing? Who is the relative of Luca Signorelli who has a career in writing?
For which ER's character was Noah Wyle cast?
The Lagrangian point of Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe is?
Which is the Japanese writing system for the writing system of Japanese?
Where is subsidiary entity built by B-1 Lancer?
Which is not the same as of mushroom, whose type of taxon is species?
What ethnic group do the Indigenous people of the United States belong to
What Éric Rohmer is nominated for his work The Marquise of O?
What is the trend of sculptors of Physichromie 48
Where is Jacob W. Davis' place of death that is adjacent to Daly City?
Which is the rigid airship named after Paul von Hindenburg?
What is the work of Gary Oldman who received BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
Who owns this CD?
When did spouse of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and end time?
What is the sport cricket?
What are the Christian movement which start with the letter P
What work was Federico Fellini nominated for at the 22nd Academy Awards?
What is the human being for Steven Pinker's sibling?
What are the natural number which start with the letter g
Which is the cast member for King Kong?
Who is the disciple of sculptors of Village Street?
Name someone who graduated from McGill University
What is the name of the child in the opera Tristan und Isolde by Siegfried Wagner?
Name the biggest galaxy discovered by James Dunlop.
For what work was Gary Cooper nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is the motif, whose symbol is the Earth symbol, of The Blue Marble?
What military order starts with the letter s?
What chemical compound is used as a drug to treat anthrax?
who did jiang zemin replaced as the president of the people's republic of china?
What IBM Denmark IT firm has the least market capitalization?
Which country in the Netherlands has the largest VAT-rate and is a member of the International Trade Union Confederation?
Where in Sweden Max von Sydow was born?
Where is the headquarters of the national museum of Prague?
What are the physical consequences and drug interactions of Cocaine?
What type of expression does Wayne Carey use?
What is owned by and the influenced by of JavaScript?
WHAT ARE THE KING IN GREEK MYTHOLOGY STARTS WITH t
What is the antonym of the aspect of animal colouration?
What typology does Richard Wright use when writing languages?
Who is the leader of the Etruschi?
What are the Beer festival which start with the letter o
What is the significant incident of Anna Berliner's marriage?
Whose brother painted a painting of Shiva with Parvati, Ganesha, and Nandi?
Where is the headquarters of the car manufacturer Lyon
What is the exchange of the Leaf Trombone: World Stage?
What is the magnetic ordering which starts with the letter p?
Which person is the founder of Futurism?
Which operas are in Russian?
What city was Phil LaMarr born in?
Who is a team member of the Chicago Cubs?
What topic of meditation has its originating source in Tripitaka?
What sub-province-level division starts with the letter x?
Who gave thetype of music of working place of Derek Blasberg?
Who owns the label that released Korn albums?
When did position for officeholder of Mauricio Macri?
What is played by a baseball bat that has the field of this profession as baseball?
Which is the candidacy in election for Felipe González?
What did Martin Landau get nominated for his performance at Tucker: The Man and His Dream?
Who is in Manhattan Project?
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
Give me a social class name that contains the word 'zeugitae' in it.
Who is Carl Gustave Jung's spouse and what is his start time?
Tell me the course of Lord Strethcona`s Horse mascot from Royal Canadians?
Who is the patron saint active in Innocent III?
What city does Curtis Institute of Music reside in, and has wards in Cameron County?
What is the subcellular localization of the EH-domain containing 1?
who is rector of Karl Weierstraß?
Who is native to the British English area, that has diplomatic relation to Russia?
Who is the husband of the costume designer from The Fuller Brush Girl?
What type of government runs the city of Dezful?
What subject had role of sidekick on Heihei?
Tell me metropolitan city of South Korea whose name has the word ulsan in it.
Give me the name of the person who replaced Ion Antonescu for the position he held as the Prime Minister of Romania?
For what subject was Citizen Kane nominated for an Academy Award for Best Direction, Black and White?
What technique used in tapestry is not used for upholstery?
Which daddy of starring of Sweet Little Lies?
Which is the game mode that contains the word versus in it's name?
Which was the political party of the chairperson of Josip Broz Tito?
What is the taxon parent of Demospongiae that has the science of study called spongiology?
Which is the video game of voice actor Sasha Grey?
tWhich comic is from fictional universe Marvel Universe and which that starts with the letter p
Who is son of Eileen O'Casey has children?
Who has the highest Elo rating?
Which film is Amanda Bynes in?
What are the video game series which start with the letter W
Which are famous books of Maurice?
Which Chinese Han that studied engineering has the lowest estimated net worth?
When in the history of Haiti did the country have boroughs called Nippes?
which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Honolulu and what is the start time?
What is the domain child of Roman Smoluchowski?
Who are Merrie Melodie's characters mediatised to?
what are the product of game platform of deflektor?
Which model of drill has the least vibration?
What is the birth city of Laurie Anderson that is a partner town to Mexico City?
Name a part of India history that contain the word history in its name?
Which is the roof shape which contains the word tower in it's name?
In what sister city of Bordeaux did Robert Aldrich die?
What international airport is Delta Air Lines' hub?
For what work was Hans Zimmer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score?
What are the property which start with the letter z
What is in the ward of the University of Groningen, of which the coat of arms is the coat of arms of Groningen?
Who is the namesake of the Lorentz force, who was also a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences?
What body of water is Belegrade located next to and in what time zone is it located in?
Name a TV show produced by Donald Trump
Who is the husband of Madhuri Dixit, who has gender identity as male?
How was William Walton nominated for the Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
What is the location of the fomation of N SYNC?
What is the position held by Mr. Gordon Brown in electoral district as a member of the 54th parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the first name of Paul Verhoeven, since it is said to be different from Pawel?
Esperanto singed form?
What is the social state with the lowest total reserves whose described by source is Jeweish Encyclopedia of Brockhaus and Efron?
Tell me about member of sports team of Bobby Moore and number of matches played?
What is associated with the sport played in physical fitness?
who shore of located on islet of high stile?
Who gave theaffiliate of of plays for of Amauri Sanit?
Which is the road bridge in the next crossing upstream of Sydney Harbour Bridge?
Who made the Jorkwang Film?
Where is Theodoros Angelopolos majoring in Jurisprudence?
What sovereign state uses the Australian dollar as currency?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
Who was the wife of Valentinian I?
Which limestone powder has the highest emissivity?
which country club has the highest slop rating?
Who was nominated for Mr. Smith Goes to Washington at the 12th Academy Awards?
What school did Thomas J. Healey's sibling attend?
What is the signs of result of silver?
What actions does a trumpet player take?
What is the open source hardware with the lowest voltage whose connector is USB Micro-B?
Name the events surrounding the death of Nizam al-Mulk reiterated by people?
where is the anatomical location and connects with Brain?
For which song did Mick Jagger win a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song?
in what country is belgrade located and when did it end?
What are the examinations of the consequences of alcoholism?
Which is the location of first performance of Palace of Versailles?
Who is the Clerks Regular for the order of Ignatius of Loyola?
who suspect of present at of luxembourg in the eurovision Song Contest 1976?
What has cause of Universiade?
What is the type of music, part of work or School of Ragtime, in Excercise No.6?
What diplomatic relation to Canada is in the administrative unit of Victoria?
What is the holiday Purim about?
What award did Jean-Claude Killy receive in Alpine skiing at the 1968 Winter Olympics - Men's downhill?
Which is the USK rating of Grand Theft Auto III?
For what work did François Mauriac receive the award Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française?
What is the name of the culture of pupil of Isocrates?
Tell me the relation between Pieter Brueghel the Elder and Pieter III. Brueghel?
Who began the International Olympic Committee?
What rank is a Taxon Parent in the salvia Officinalis?
What are the galaxy that contains the word ugc in their name
What is the diplomatic relation between the Philippines and Quatar?
What movie did Jim Henson direct?
Who is a partner in the characters of Disney's Magical Quest 3 (starring Mickey & Donald)?
What is the moon of the heliosphere of topic?
What is the sister city of Antwerp, that has cities in Minhang District?
where is mouth of the watercourse of Neva that is of is Gulf of Finland?
Who publish the Healing Islands?
What administrative division originates from As the World Turns?
Which is the end period for the old age?
What are the ancient city which start with the letter z
Who is nominated for of Kate Winslet whose for work is Sense and Sensibility?
What is the moon of the star of Tarantula Nebula?
what is sister or brohter of caligula that has public office is quaestor?''
Which is the direct-controlled municipality which contains the word tianjin in it's name?
Who is the writer that works at Metal-induced pre-organisation for anion recognition in a neutral platinum-containing receptor?
Which country has the highest quality of life according to the international center for settlement of investment disputes.
Which is the country of citizenship and the occupation of Deadpool?
What work got Helen Hunt the nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Nale a low-cost airline that operates Boeing 737-800 and that contains the word Ryanair in its name
What is Hepatitis C's health specialty and medical examinations
Which is the main subject for history of religions?
who is daddy of movie director for Valentine's Day?
what is the star has the highest proper motion?
Which is the currency that has a location of final assembly the Royal Mint and contains the word pound in it's name?
In Syracuse Orange football, what position did Jim Brown hold?
Joseph Kibweteer suffers from what ailment that has a genetic association with DLC1?
Who is the partner/spouse of Manuel Ferrara?
Who is Devi that is worshipped by Hinduism and contains the word lakshmi in his name?
Who gave the has grammatical person of language of Franz Kline?
Who is the member of Neymar's sports team and what is their start time?
What is playing that Ieva Januskeviciute was a part of?
WHAT IS THE STRAIN WITH THE MAXIMUM VIABLE TEMPERATURE
Who gave themayor of mediatised to of Government of the 1st Dáil?
DC-3 is operated by which airline?
Was Zakir Hussain the winner for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album?
Tell me sports league whose name has the word shield in it.
What is the continent of West Antarctica, that has boroughs named Heard Island and McDonald Islands?
Which is the sports database that is maintained by the International Olympic Committee?
On what album can you find the song Stairway to Heaven?
What is the longest book review published in The Archaeological Journal?
When did character from Star Wars for killed by of Luke Skywalker?
Of what is Richard Hofstadter a member, who is specialist in American studies?
What is The Merchant of Venice's genre and characters?
Where Carl Theodor Dreyer born at Denmark died?
What university is located in Karachi?
Who is the Chief Operating Officer of Ninetendo?
Who is named for the Boltzmann distribution, who is a member of the Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL?
Which Chinese Dynasty had it's capital at Nanjing?
What is it?
When was lutetium discovered?
What was Judy Holliday nominated for for Born Yesterday?
What is confused with kinematics, that is the inverse of statics?
In which city Die Hard takes place?
What are the afflicts caused by 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene?
What are the jobs that start with letter W?
Explain the historical process of a polymerase chain reaction.
What non-fiction career author wrote The Right Stuff?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
Where is the tourist office of Hanover?
What movie did Baz Luhrmann direct?
Who is the current holder of the award once won by Andre Geim?
What actor plays Professor X in the film X-Men: Apocalypse?
WHAT ARE THE WORD THAT 10 WHICH CONTAINS INTEGER
In which country is Beijing?
What award was Terry Pratchett nominated for?
Where is Sindh geographically located
Which key is Violin Concerto No. 1 Bruch?
What is the conflict of J.R.R. Tolkien?
What is established by the party of José Orlando Cáceres?
What type of quantum particle is a photon?
What Goddess executed Osiris?
Which taxon has the highest heart rate?
Who was the actress in Dumb and Dumberer?
What was Donald Tusk's position that was replaced by Herman Van Rompuy?
What business division of LATAM Chile is the country Peru in?
Name the district of China that contains Shanghai.
What is a natural feature of a tributary of the Salma Dam?
What Japanese language television station broadcasts in English?
Name a disease that spreads through contact and starts with letter S
What product was built by Asus ZenWatch 3?
What is the academic subject of Michael J. D. Powell's recognition title?
What is the capital of Tokugawa Shogunate
What is the name and date of the sequel to Iguanodon?
What is the treatment for lymphoma?
What is the genetic association of Cardiovascular disease, and what drugs are used for treatment?
Name a devil in the Hinduist pantheon that starts with letter L
which set of numbers with the highest upper limit?
What are the standards and the main regulatory text of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
What team did Somchai Subpherm play for, and where was it headquartered?
To what position was Lenín Moreno elected as during the Ecuadorian general election in 2006?
What is the MPAA film rating of Ghostbusters?
Who is the plaintiff of Plessy v. Ferguson?
What fictional dog is said to be the same dog as Goofy?
In what country was Juan Rodriguez Suarez executed?
What is the nationality and occupation of Alice Cooper?
Which is official language is in the department of Kali Penjalin?
Which area of land did Frank Gehry protect?
What is the watercourse that outflows of Walker Lake?
is ANZUS a signatory?
Which book follows Exodus in the Bible?
What colossal statue starts with the letter s?
What is the sandbox-item for one?
Who is the mother of Elektra that is married to Agamemnon?
For which work did John Updike receive the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction?
tell me that aerospace manufacturer which contains the word zeebruges on its own name.
Who was Oracle Corporation taken over by
Which is the twin city of place of death of Clark Gable?
What are the salad which start with the letter y
Who is the factory for product or material produced of butter
Tell me the name of a non-metal with the most electronegativity
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
who is the cover artist of all quiet on the western front?
Which is the license for copyright?
Where is the location in which Murray Perahia was born, who has the executive power headed by Michael Bloomberg?
Which is the legal medicinal status for prescription drug?
What is treated by capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of silver nitrate?
Who has the country seat of Taipei, who also has diplomatic relations with the country of Mali?
Who are the sons starring in H. Con-172
What is the town of Capua with cities called Tora e Piccilli?
If Marion Barry was the Prime Minister of Washington, D.C, what type or topic of history would that be?
What work was Sydney Pollack nominated for as Academy Award for Best Director?
Name an airline company using the Chennai International Airport as a hub that contains the word spicejet in its name
Who is the operator of Sydney Metro?
how is remake of makes use of Roman numerals?
Which musical artist went on The Trip into the Light World Tour?
Which is the film the was produced by Isabelle Adjani?
What is a genetic component of heart disease determined through TAS?
Mention the federal state responsible for the Soviet Union's diplomatic relation.
What is the construction with the maximum slope rating whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Oregon?
Tell me baseball league whose name has the word professional in it.
What kind of activity of Lotte Jacobi in Berg an Laim is it?
Who are the characters of the series Civilization V: Gods & Kings?
What is the movement in Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
What opera was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
What is the disjointed union between cartridge and rimfire?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that starts with letter W
When did country for participant of of World War II?
What did the distribution of the Children of the Corn 666:Isaac's Return establish?
What of David Vetter's is buried at cities of Dawson County?
During the 18th Academy Awards, what awards were Bing Crosby nominated for?
What is the grammatical gender of the languages spoken, written, or signed of Max Factor?
Tell me chemical property whose name has the word tetravalence in it.
What is typology in Altaic languages and it is the opposite of fusional language?
What are thewater deity which start with the letter'y
Which daylght saving time is valid in the timezone of Stockholm?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
In Venice, do you know the work location of human?
What did John Rawls ask Immanuel?
Which is the sovereign sate for country of sport of George Weah?
What part of Saxony is Cottbus District located?
What is the Internet Standard edition or translation of Internet Protocol version 6?
What weapon family starts with the letter u?
What is the ingredients in beer whose phase point is the critical point?
Who had the honour of discovering general relativity?
Tell me the performing arts genre that contains the word videotanz in their name
What chemical compound with the lowest median lethal dose has safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
Who is the person that composed La Traviata?
What is the residence and the occupation of Bryan_Cranston?
What are the coordinates of the headquarters of Zibo?
TELL ME THE IDEOLOGY OF RYO SHUHAMA POLITICALPARTY?
who is the sports venue for operator of Indianapolis?
Which is the lowest note of Mariah Carey
Where did Kang Sheng die that is near Tokoyo?
What type of art were the famous works of Severin Roesen?
What part of Piacenza is in the standard time zone?
what is a year for Venice Film Festival?
What is the computer network protocol for Hypertext Transfer Protocols?
What is etymology of Riemann sum, which has studied at is Humboldt University of Berlin?
what are the essential medicine which start with the letter v
which is the constituent state with the lowest indidual tax rate whose instance is constituent state?
Name a demigod of Greek mythology that contains the word Heracles in its name
Who is the toponym of thorium, and has a parent named Odin?
For which American football team is Bill Belichick playing
Who is member of of university of Douglas Southall Freeman?
What is the current translated version of Hamlet
What is the SI unit for frequency?
When did country for contains administrative territorial entity of Tripura?
Tell me physical law whose name has the word superposition in it.
What is subitem of history of the English language, that has cases is nominative case?
Which is from the fictional universe of Spock?
Where can the sport be found that requires the smallest number of players to play and that uses a net?
Tell me private not-for-profit educational institution whose name has the word university in it.
Which is the country of Iloilo City?
What is the [prize that was awarded to Carcassonne is that Victor Elfenland?
Who is Adad's aunt?
Mention the Hamburg's responsible work location.
What is the subsidiary of IBM Power?
Name the birth place of Sylvester II, in Kingdom of France.
What is the supervisor of the painter of quantum mechanics?
What was the electoral district and position that George Reid held?
Who made and dispensed ANGTT
What group of people died in Tenochtitlan?
Who gave thelocated in of participant of event of Annemarie Moser-Pröll?
What is the horse characters of Madame Sans-Gêne play?
Who is the replacement for the president of South Korea?
who coach of player of Simone Biles?
Who was replaced by Alfred Deakin as Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly?
What is the name of the sovereign state located in Benghazi?
Which is the corporation for the products produced by Coca-Cola?
Does Christian Slater play a musician character called The Name of the Rose?
What is the name for someone who lives in the German Democratic Republic?
what is the statement for subject of Kuwait which has diplomatic relation as Mexico?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Phoenician alphabet?
Which is the museum for the parent organization of the Smithsonian Institution?
who is diplomatic relation of originate of The Shawshank Redemption?
Tell me metabolite whose name has the word violaxanthin in it.
Where is administrative centre of Holy Roman Empire, which has populated places within is Dolní Černošice?
Where is land adjacent to Villanova University?
What is parent organization of ARD?
Which outer planet has the most flattening?
Which record label and the genre is of Radiohead?
What are the instructions for x86?
What is the island nation with the lowest marriageable age whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Which country uses the pound sterling?
What is the election to the Parliament of Catalonia with the lowest eligible voters whose candidate is Socialists' Party of Catalonia?
Who did Ed O'Neill play on Married.. with Children?
TELL ME SQUARE ROOT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ROOT IN IT.
Which is the organization that has it's headquarters located in Cleveland?
What political murder involved Sirhan Sirhan?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
What days is the British Museum open?
tell me comic genre whose name has the word novel in it
What region of Salerno divides into Teggiano?
Which chemical element of subclass period 5 has the highest density?
Name a principality located in the Weimar Republic
Tell me who directed The Night of the Headless Horseman?
Which is torch lit by of Li Ning?
Which is the economic branch licensed by macOS?
Who is the songwriter of Die Fledermaus whose artistic genre is classical music?
What are the origins of Run-D.M.C.?
What takes place in the fictional universe of The Walking Dead?
Give the genetic association of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder that is determined via TAS.
Where in the German Empire was Anton Chekhov's place of death?
Name a video game that starts with the letter Z
What was Orson Welles nominated for in Citizen Kane?
What is ideology of member party of Lars Krarup?
Which is the painting that depicts the Richard III of England?
Who replaced Bhumibol Adulyadej as King of Thailand?
What is Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP)?
What is the real person website account of Youtube?
What is studied by the manifestation of of Human_body?
What is the timezone of the civilisation of Chinese mythology?
Who is Alexander Hamilton's wife and why did the relationship end?
What is the opposite genre for fiction?
What is taxonomy of goldfish
Which human Go player, has the minimum EGF rating?
What is the name of David Fosters record label?
Which is cases of language used in Ismail Kadare?
What was Good Will Hunting nominated for at the 70th Academy Awards?
What was Nivelle accused of?
Sergei Prokudein-Gorskii died in what county within the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
WHICH IS THE CABLE STAYED BRIDGE WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SPANS
What are the national economy which start with the letter e
What is the diplomatic relation of the place of origin of the Jew Killings in Ivangorod?
Which is the agent that is used in communication?
WHAT ARE FILM WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Y.
Give the lowest block size standard designed by John Daemen
What is located on linear feature of the London Underground?
who is the powerplant and the manufacterer of Mcdonnell_douglas_F-15_eagle?
What are the places of death and burial of Stonewall Jackson?
WHAT IS THE CENOTAPH FOR JEAN-JACQUES ROUSSEAU?
What are the legal status of medicine whose name has the word UK IN IT
tell me about language family starts with the letter q
What organization does George Rudinger work at?
Where in Spain was Muhammad al-Idrisi born?
What sports are included in the biathlon
TELL ME THE CREATION MYTH THAT CONTAINS THE WORD DEAMTIME IN THEIR NAME
What genre of music is part of the series of Bomberman II?
What company did Antonin Eymieu co-found?
Which is practiced by fencing?
Name an academic writing author that starts with letter O
What is the translation of the post review of the 17th annual Scripps Spelling Bee?
who chronology of topic of continent of western asia?
How are Carl Maria von Weber and Constanze Mozart related?
Which financial center is a twinned administrative body of Mumbai?
Which war's did the Soviet Union take part in.
What is developed by SPICE that has working languages in English?
What is the territory of Australia with the highest age of consent whose public holiday is Queen's official birthday?
Who married the contestant of Aelita?
Name the aircraft model with the highest take off roll involved in the Seville A400M crash.
Where is the head office location of Miss World, whose twin city is Los Angeles?
Which is the fictional analog of the source of inspiration of Captain Ahab?
Which is endemism of Mantella, where member of is International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
What is Sandbox-Item of The Last Supper?
What is Francois Guzot's position in the government of Calvados
Which is the capital for the official residence of the Parthian Empire?
What is the name of the capital of Estonia whose first letter is T?
What skill contains the word suction in its name?
Who is the sunsidiary entities of Islamic Azad Universpty who is in the department of Bukan?
Who were the Amazons that were killed by Heracles?
What was the award the Dune received after receiving Babel-17?
Which communications protocol contains the word zmodem in their name
Who wrote the lyrics of Auld Lang Syne?
Mariano Rajoy is a member of what political party?
Which is nominated for and the award received of The_Simpsons?
What is the Milwaukee railway for?
Jacques county seat of Neustria died at which place?
Tell me the name of the female idol group whose name contains the word zero?
What television program is produced by Ellen DeGeneres?
Tell medisputed territory whose name has the word triangle in it.
Who is the creator of Quantum mechanics, and who was its creator?
Which is the combination classification for Chris Froome?
Name the Wikimedia disambiguation page including Diplo.
tell me mineral species that streak color black that name has the word tenorite in it
In which electoral district did Tommy Douglas hold the position of the member of the House of Commons of Canada?
which painting movement that contains the word verismo in their name
What is the currency used in Norman conquest of England?
What is Star Wars ' narrative location fictional gas giant Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
During Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, what are the names of the vehicles used in the film.
Which is the anatomical location for mumps?
Tell me bank whose name has the word unicredit in it.
Archbasilica of St. John Lateran architectural style?
Which Christian name from Charles I of Hungary, is close to the name Carl?
Where is the head office location of the International Chamber of Commerce that is next to lssy-les-Moulineaux?
Who is the voice actor of Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
What is describes a project that uses of Urban Dictionary?
Who has children with Domnall mac Ailpín, who is buried at Iona?
Tell me the noble family who has the son of Georgina Kennard?
Which political party in Germany has the highest number of representatives in it's legislature?
What is the genetic association of leprosy?
What book by Siegfried has the famous work Tristan und Isolde?
The moons of HD 45364 b are part of which constellation?
WHICH IS THE POLITICAL PARTY THAT STARTS WITH V
What is in Angles, whose partner city is Hyōgo Prefecture?
Name an infectious disease that afflicts liver and that contains the word hepatitis in its name
Which is the taxon rank for class?
What what is animated taxondistributed by MGM and family
What Suezmax oil tanker has min net tonnage?
Tell me the location of the administrative territorial entity for Harry Harlow has place of death as Tucson?
Tell me which industry contains the word winemaking in it's name?
who is user of fleet of Qantas?
What variety is influenced by English?
What award did Fleetwood Mac win?
What are the modern languages which start with the letter t
Which of Henry IV of France's marriages has ended in divorce?
Which British Academy Film Award was Javier Bardem nominated for?
What W. H. Auden honors did Joan Didion win?
What is the used for treatment of the signs of rabies?
What are the children's game which start with the letter zapp
Which aircraft family has highest time to altitude?
Which is language of platforms of Army of Darkness: Defense?
What is the antonym of emerald?
What principality replaced the Ottoman Empire?
Who gave the painters of series of Bash?
Who is employed by Gerhard Gentzen?
WHICH IS THE HEALTH SPECIALITY FOR INFECTION
who is the child of Zeus whose mother is Leda?
What was Czechoslovakia previously known as?
What is thealphabet language official of Tokugawa shogunate?
Who is the president and CEO of BP?
What is a Biblical place that starts with the letter z.
Wich meansis a list of at lawsuit?
What is Kelly Miller known for?
What sovereign states have a diplomatic relationship with the Russian Empire?
Who is the filmographer for Cecil B.DeMille
In what country does Mother's Day take place on March 8th?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah whose personal name is Muhammed?
What military branch of the air force did Yuri Gagarin work for?
What is the ammonia conjugate acid monocation?
Which is the track gauge for Trans-Australian Railway?
Where does Benjamin Millepied live and what is his occupation?
What position did John Foster Dulles hold and when?
What are the designed by and the programming paradigm of SQL?
What is the profession of Guillermo Lasso that is different from a bank teller
What pizza comes from the head of government?
The antiparticle of a neutron is what quantum particle?
Which play participated in Micronesia at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships?
Which is the language of work or name for Old Church Slavonic?
What is the news site of Air Canada?
What is the manner of death and the place of death of Lee_Harvey_Oswald?
Which is the drug used for treatment of the medical treatment of Tuberculosis?
tell me area of mathematic practiced by algebraist starts with a
During the conflict of the Mexican-American War, which branch was Nate Dogg in?
Who replaces eodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo for the position of the chairperson of the African Union?
Which is facet of a polytope of pyramid, whose next is is quadrilateral?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL SPORT GOVERNING BODY WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WORLD IN IT.
Which free video game has the highest amount of players?
Which is the conflict of Joan of Arc?
What type of educational experience does Mieczyslaw Kobylanski have?
Who is the child and the position played on team / speciality of Hakeem_Olajuwon?
What is the parent organization of the United States Secret Service and where is their headquarters located?
What is the national anthem the topic of in the history of Dagestan?
TELL ME ECONOMIC INDICATOR WHICH START WITH THE LETTER S
What is Family Guy's country of origin and the language?
Where is the list of episodes for Lassie?
What is the governing body of the FIFA World Cup?
What is Hiroshima Prefecture'S borders, that has Tsugumasa Muraoka as head of national government?
Name the Austrian election with the oldest candidates like Die Grunen?
What is the state that borders Maine?
Who is the head of government of Auckland?
What is gene is associated with Asperger syndrome
Why does the digital rights management system need to die?
Appointed by John Dryden, who held the position as Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom?
Which is the dwarf elliptical galaxy for the child astronomical body of the Andromeda Galaxy?
What is Ancient Egypt's lighthouse?
Who was Enrico Fermi's student?
What is the polyatomic cation of ammonia?
Cha Bum-kun played how many matches for which team?
What is the alma mater of Andrew Marvell, which is also the alma mater of director Martin Rees?
What sports team does Malcolm Allison play for and how many matches did he play?
Which is asteroid family of Haumea?
What federation has the highest median income?
What award was Top Gun nominated for in the 59th Academy Awards?
Tell me contract whose name has the word zeitausgleich in it name
What website is used for Esperanto?
is C.P Scott from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland?
In what field was Romy Schneider nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
For which country did Olympic skater Tonya Harding compete?
Which is the statement supported by Al-Qaeda?
Who wrote The Adventures of Tintin and what genre does it fall under?
What is the day the UN General Assembly was founded?
What are the plays of the organizer of the UMB World Three-cushion Championship?
tell me king in Greek mythology name has the word thestrus in it
What writer is known for the work titled Montague Summers?
What is John Kander the champion of?
What is the official language of the Parthian Empire?
Where is tributary take place in Polynesia?
Who is William marwood that is very close to Guilhem
What U.S. state or or insular area capital starts with the letter t?
What gospel should be read for the present day work of David?
What are the historic county of England which start with the letter Y
Who won the prize awarded to John R. Pierce?
Who was Betty White's husband?
What type of job does Josep Maria Magem work at his employer?
what is land-grant university starts with v
What is the founder of region spring?
Tell me computer network protocal whose name has the word widi in it
What Sam Kinison label has Warner Music Group stockholders?
What social media account is made by Xiaomi Redmi?
In what time was did the Yuan dynasty rule the Asian continent?
Which is the measurement unit for measured physical quantity of temperature?
Which gas giant in the solar system has the biggest synodic period?
Which is the eye color and the hair color of Dolly_Parton?
What is next to the place of work of Alfred Stieglitz?
What is the name of the professional sports league starting in October that contains the word  hockey in its name?
What does Commodore 64 produce?
What is the brother of Manfred von Richthofen whose burial place is Germany?
Which taxon has the longest generation time?
What are the Greek deity which start with the letter zeus
How has the candidate Donald Trump sparked controversy?
Who is the daughter of Guinevere's wife?
Richard III of England was depicted by which film?
What are the type of business entity which start with the letter S
Who is noble family of has mother of Iziaslav I of Kiev?
What are the team which start with the letter vándormások
What is the military rank of Kim Jong-un, the commander of Korean People's Army?
Which are the afflicts of mercury poisoning?
WHICH IS THE LAKE PLACE OF FOUNDATION OF JOHN ENGLAND & THE WESTERN SWINGERS
Which isotope of barium decaying to caesium-116 has the most binding energy?
what is an experiment that starts with the letter t.
When the statement was declared that German is sharing its border with the Poland?
What is the translation of the above?
Which is the tracklist for Revolver?
which is the public policy that starts with letter r
What is the film genre and the name of the singer of Long Story Short?
Who is the architect of the Chapultepec Castleon?
Which cooperative bank that is a member of Bundesverband der Deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken has the most employees?
What connects Okinawa Island and Sesoko Island?
What is Pluto's Population I star?
What treatment is given for signs of hydrogen fluoride exposure
Who did Alexander Fleming receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with?
What is the collection of Pietà?
Who produced the record that split from I feel fine?
What was the position held by Juan Carlos I before Felipe VI of Spain replaced him?
What is the name for the Chinese character system of writing?
what are the train service which start with the letter v
What has a border that is Anguillara Sabazia and is also the birth location of Gaius Cassius Longinus?
Name an athlete competing in high jump?
What volcanic eruption occurred in the Dutch East Indies?
What award did Laurence Fishburne receive at the 46th Tony Awards?
Where is Osama bin Laden's place of residence, that has diplomatic relation with Australia?
What is the CFSI of the Le Pere Goriot setting location?
who is the head coach of boston Celtics?
Which voting round for Marine Le Pen had the most spoilt votes?
What Basque Autonomous Community shares a border with part of Pyrenees-Atlantiques?
Who formed Santa Monica predecessor?
Who did James Joyce get married to in London?
Which television series includes the character Robin Hood?
What play depicts the life of Richard III of England?
Name the building by the engineer Arup with the least amount of elevators.
Who is the husband and child of Anthony Dryden Marshall
What is the Christian name of Paul Anderson, that is the same as Pavle?
Who is the child of Seabiscuit?
What was proximately caused by the consequence of bubonic plague?
Who is the person from the People's Republic of China that has the most century breaks?
Those pledging allegiance to Ayman al-Zawahiri are part of what organization?
What is the name of the shrine dedicated to Tokugawa Ieyasu?
What are the legendary figure which start with the letter e
What field is the craft of Saparius Catalin in?
Who is the team that worked on the teleplay called the Ripper?
What is the fault of Nazca Plate?
When Carlos Andres Perez da costa was replaced by Luis Herrera Campins, what position did he hold?
What is the profession of Henry Washington Younger sons?
Why Roald Amundsen died at Bear Island?
Who is the producer and executive producer of Fight Club?
Which Led Zeppelin single is in tracklist IV?
Where is the place of burial in Thessaloniki
What is occupation of the TV host of Top Gear?
What position was Stanley Baldwin elected in?
What is Sonia Fisch-Muller's field of study?
Who is often confused with the snake that has a higher taxon than Ophidia
What is the script of Modern English?
What is the architectural style of Bauhaus?
Who is brother or sister of Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, which has marry is Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib?
What was the statement made by Geoffrey Rush after being nominated for Best Supporting Actor?
What is workplace of Cnut the Great, that has diplomatic relation is Romania
Which is the taxon synonym of Ochotona?
What is notable about the border of Utah and Wyoming?
Which is employment field of Tatsuya Sugai's employment?
Did Yemelyan Pugachev die in Moscow Oblast?
Tell me the metropolitan area that is maintained by the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority and starts with the letter m?
Does Odo of Scarpone hold a directorial position?
What sports team did Abedi Pele belong to and how many matches did they play?
What is the dam of Lake Gordon
Who were the patron saints that formed the Society of Jesus?
What is the native language of Modern Standard Arabic?
What is the border of the death location of Tommy Douglas?
For what position was Winston Churchill elected in the United Kingdom general election in 1935?
What is in the category of blue whale?
WHICH SPORTS IS SUCCEDED ON 1993 RALLY GB
Who is the officeholder of United Nations Secretary-General?
What is the perceived population for the solar system of the planet Uranus.
What are thegroup or class of chemical substances which start with the letter vitamin
What is the luxury yacht with the highest beam whose manufacturer is Lürssen?
What grammatical mood of French has a French indicative?
What is the  electoral district  for  Shinzō Abe  as  member of the House of Representatives of Japan ?
Which is participant in conflict branch of Charles Whitman?
Who replaced Thomas Henry Huxley as the President of the Royal Society?
What is the statement is subject of Nigeria whose diplomatic relation is Cameroon?
What is the name of the single which features Hrithik Roshan
Tell me the commune of France with specific status that is in the list of monument of the Lyon's list of monuments and whose name contains the word lyon?
Which medical subfield studies cancer?
What is the convicted of and the member of of Axl_Rose?
Who is a member of the school attended by Sidney Mintz?
Who is the co-founder of publishing house of Journal of experimental psychology, human learning and memory?
What businesses are headquartered in Cleveland?
What career did Henry Roy Brahana study?
What is Grigori Perelman's compact space for solving?
Thomas Aquinas is the patron saint of what part of Italy?
Who is the protein for physically interacts with of diazepam
Which position was George Reid held and elected in?
What is the think tank for the Smithsonian Institution's parent organization?
Which is the locality of Vojvodina having a diplomatic relation of Holy See?
What is the diocese of Paris archdiocese?
TELL ME USE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TINDER IN IT
Tell me how many kids Amlaib's sister has.
Who is Taxi Driver's film editor and director?
Which Radofin MSX has the fastest clock speed?
What academic institute did Ralph Abernathy earn a Master of Arts degree?
What is the mineral resource that starts with the letter 'p'?
Mention the doctoral disciple of Janet Yellen
What is the inspiration and influence of the Statue of Liberty?
What is allegiance of Mughal Empire?
What are the honours of Bill T. Jones whose winner is Jule Styne?
Who is the owner of American Airlines
Name an anime television series broadcasted on Nippon BS Broadcasting in Japan starts with letter L
Which is the tributary orientation for Ottawa River?
At what university did Douglas Adams study English literature?
What is the musical genre of Jefferson Airplane, a group co-founded by Emile Berliner?
Which is the objective of project or mission of the nuclear weapon?
What country was replaced by the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which is the day of week of Saturday?
What geographical region and terrain feature is Thessaloniki located among?
TELL ME VEGETATION ZONE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TAIGA IN IT
What criterion did Florence Griffith-Joyner use who held a record of 200 meters?
According to Otto's encyclopedia, what is the shortest unit of time?
Who gave the interment of consecrated by of Klaus Dick?
Mention the manager or the director of David Foster.
Why Van Morrison has his spouse Michelle Rocca?
Are people or cargo transported in an ambulance?
What is the twin town of George Cukor's native home?
What is the genetic association of the regulates (molecular biology) of the hsa-miR-6887-5p?
What are list of monuments in Rennes?
Which is the chartered company is a public company in it's legal form and whose name contains the word company?
If the gender of Alwin Nikolais is the antonym of female, what gender is he?
What is the name of the location of death for Socrates, whose governor is Marta Suplicy?
What was approved by Fuji followed by McIntosh?
Which country has the highest par?
Which are the studies for toxin?
Which is the conjugate acid for nitric acid?
Name a movie featuring Burt Reynolds
what is the county of American Indians?
Which category of people is active in Eamon de Valera?
In which museum Mahatma Gandhi died?
What is the history of anarchism, as opposed to illegalism?
Who are the daughters of the author of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon?
Tell me chartered company whose name has the word company in it.
Which state has the city that is the twin city of Geneva?
Where is birth place of Louis Timothee, which has member of is Treaty on Open Skies?
What happens when caffeine interactions with a certain receptor in the body
When did intergovernmental organization for organisation directed from the office of United Nations Secretary-General?
In the country of Singapore what are the A.P.J Abdul Kalam languages?
Tell me carbine whose name has the word zastava in it.
What award Chow Yun-fat received for his work Hong Kong 1941?
When did animated character for characters of The Lion King?
What agonistic role does L-aspartic Acid have?
What is the name o an historical country that starts with the letter r.
explain me that the artistic type that contains the word of venus which has its own name.
What is movement for Renaissance music?
What position does the nominee for 'One Ok Rock' currently hold?
Tell me an ancient civilization whose name has the word urartu in it.
Who is the cast member of Thomas Mitchell?
What is the category of Susan Luery's work?
Who is the husband of the actor in Psycho?
Tell me steroid hormone whose name has the world testosterone in it
What is the street address of the territorial administrative entity of the Arc de Triomphe?
Who is Lockheed C-130 Hercules' operator and developer?
What are diplomatic relations like between Belgium and the Netherlands?
Where is Akhenaten buried and where did they die?
Where was James Clerk Maxwell born in Scotland?
Which infectious disease is caused by Staphylococcus aureus?
Who is the human for record held of marathon
What is the crime that Chris Brown was convicted of that involved Rihanna?
What is Rumi's culture and religion?
Who leads the Christian Science movement?
Tell me mineral resource whose name has the word petroleum in their name
Who painted the figures of 'Wolves Beyond the Border'?
Who created Judo?
What was Sally Field nominated for at the 52nd Academy Awards?
who theater for location of Soviet Union?
Which is the place of death of Robert Aldrich?
What is the ethnicity of Luigi Pirandello, who studies the science, that is Italian studies?
What planet has use of a sundial?
Due to what disease for anatomical location of human leg
What is in the category of electronic component?
What is the airplane bombing with the lowest number of survivors with one of the survivors being Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab?
Joe Cocker's first name is the same as which ion?
Which is namesake of Lagrange multiplier, that has studies is mathematical analysis?
what was the facet and history of topic of copyright?
Who is a graduate of John Key, who is a member of the Association of Research Libraries?
What book publishing company developed Final Fantasy?
What statement is subject of Louisiana that shares border with Texas?
To what country does Honolulu belong and when did it become a part of that country?
Tell me video game whose name has the word zauberschloß in it.
what is the honours of Fred Astaire, that has leader of James Mason?
What is the procedural programming language designed by Grace Hopper?
Who is the subsidiary entity of the University of British Columbia that has superior formation over the University of Victoria?
Wich means animal housed for sucessor  at İzmir Zoo?
Who are the authors of The Republic, whose school is Platonism?
What is the human spaceflight for Christa McAuliffe's crew member?
what is the binary star has the highest color index?
What was Howard H. Aiken's academic major at Harvard University?
What is the religion practiced by people in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints?
What is the chemical compound of water?
What is the demised placce of Leo III?
Which is the Greater Region located on terrain feature of the classical antiquity?
Name a space observatory wose starting point is ELA-3 and that contains the word space in its name
Who was the production designer for the movie The Birth of a Nation?
What is founded by University of Chicago for the role of donor?
Who is the human for place of death of Madrid
What is the product of coral?
who is the office held by head of the organisation and secretary general of Communist_Party_of_China?
What award did Sidney Sheldon receive at the 20th Academy Awards?
What is the partner town of the birth place of Leonardo DiCaprio?
What hypothesis states that there are many worlds?
What was Mickey Rourke nominated for and what award did he receive?
The biological process of learning is what?
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest time-weighted average exposure limit?
What is the topic of chronology of the citizenship of Harry Chipeni?
What has a grammatical person in the languages of expression of Magda Szabó?
What is the artfor of the moveable object location of Ärztestopp?
which is the type of orbit and the parent astronomical body of international space station?
Name the business company where Indra Nooyi served as the Chief Executive Officer
what is the character role for seventeen moments of spring has cast member as nikolay prokopovich?
What part did Mark Skaife play in 1926 24 Hours of Le Mans?
What strategy game has the least players?
What is the motif of the mascot of the Wisconsin Badgers?
Name an earthquake from Italy with the lowest vertical depth.
In which safety classification and taxon is Ethanol?
Who is the inventor of Newton's law of motion, whose professorship position is Lucasian Professor of Mathematics?
What title did Guy of Lusignan hold, and who followed him?
What Spongebob Squarepants character was Clancy Brown the voice actor for?
Where is the border of where Paulo Freire wrote?
What is the form of government in the place where death metal originated?
Which is the national library for the archives of James Joyce?
What murder method of Camaron de la Isla is due to air pollution?
Who was married to Faye Dunaway and when did it end?
What town's partner capital is Almohad?
What are the Colonial Colleges which start with the letter u
What award did Adele receive at that 59th Annual Grammy Awards?
What award did Cormac McCarthy receive for his work on The Road?
Where is the filming location and the narrative location of Reservoir_Dogs?
What is the parent organization of the International Court of Justice?
Who is the gene for genetic association of allergic rhinitis
WHAT IS THE POSITION OF VEHICLE NORMALLY USED IN POPEMOBILE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD POPE IN THEIR NAME
What is copy of products for Arcadia Machine & Tool?
What part of the stomach is the venous return connected to?
Name a port city that contains the word zuwetina  in its name
Where is the border of Schaerbeek, and what happens in the Arrondissement of Brussel Capital?
What is pollinated by Coleoptera?
What are the binary operation which start with the letter u
How long was George VI ruled as a monarch?
What is the diplomatic relation between Tunisia and its official language Tuvan?
Which is the organization for what is said to be the same of Scientology?
Which UCI ProTeam has the highest budget?
Where is the X-files filming and narrative location?
What was the previous job of the writer who published in a journal Acoustic discrimination of sympatric morphs in Darwin's finches: a behavioural mechanism for assortative mating?
Name the currency issued by the Reserve Bank of Australia that starts with letter A
For what role was Angelina Jolie nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
WHO IS THE HUSBAND OF EDWARD THE CONFESSOR DAUGHTER?
Who created this painting of Charles I of England?
What language of URL is Oku no Hosomichi, that has typology in subject-object-verb language?Name the language of URL of Oku no Hosomichi, that is typology of subject-object-verb language?
What is the sport of the International Canoe Federation that has association with kayaking?
Who is the founder of physical geography that was awarded Honorary citizen of Berlin?
Who is the perpetrator of the battle of Armin Thiede?
How to use correct grammar when studying the Hungarian language
What is the diet that is opposite and named after veganism?
Rudolph II of Burgundy replaced Berengar I of Italy in this noble title?
Who gave the ideology of party of Elisenda Alamany?
Port Harcourt shares the border with who?
Located in the city of Washington D.C., what is the parent company of the Smithsonian Institution?
Which are the measures for weighing scale?
which inner planet has the highest orbital eccentricity?
Who married Mark Zuckerberg in Palo Alto?
What itime of the day that has the minimum time index in a Day?
who is the member of Colin Meads sports team and how much matches did they play?
Which is the architectural style of postmodernism?
Who was the designer of the Golden Gate Bridge?
What film was Steven Soderbergh nominated for Satellite Award for Best Director?
What painting is exhibited at Brown University?
What are the medical examinations for blood sugar?
Who is the organizer of Ultimate Fighting Championship?
Which is the medical attribute for the produced sound of the respiratory system?
When did member of sports team of George Weah and number of matches played?
What is the largest group of species?
John Ford was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for which movie?
What country did John Barrymore die in if the city was Los Angeles?
Which continent of South Pole , that have extreme point lowest in Bentley Subglacial Trench?
Where is the next crossing downstream of the London Bridge.
who next to lake of the principal area of university of medical Sciences and technology?
What are the diplomatic relations between Brunei and Canada?
What is sex or gender for Mick Jagger?
What is the name of the skyscraper that has an architectural style of neo-futurism and that starts with the letter t?
The conjugate base of ammonia is what chemical compound?
Who is the film editor and director of Reservoir Dogs?
What is the used for treatment of the treats disease of methocarbamol?
What award did Louis Malle receive for his work on Au revois les enfants?
What is the sister city of Tirana, that has the county seat for the 4th of August Regime?
What award did Abdellatif Kechiche receive for The Secret of the Grain?
Which is the Olympic sport that is an authority of International Biathlon Union and contains the word biathlon in it's name?
who is played by next of Perfect Day?
Who was the U.S. Secretary of State after William H. Seward?
What time is it at the twin town of Denpasar?
Volgograd is the capital of governorate of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Who is the facet of and located in the administrative territorial entity of Assassination of John F. Kennedy?
Tell me the type of statistic that starts with the letter v
Where is the river mouth of the Uruguay river?
Who is the important person behind Rumi?
What is the symbol indicating an equation?
What material is used in a gravitational wave and what is the effect of it?
Tell me archipelago whose name has the word lies in it.
Who produces and is the builder of the John Deere Model 4020?
Who replaced James Stanhope as Chancellor of the Exchequer?
What position did Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 5th Marquess of Salisbury replace Clement Attlee as?
What academic degree did Georges Méliès earn at Lycée Louis-le-Grand?
Louis VII of France held which position and when did he start?
Name the person behind the renowned work of Nineteen Eighty-Four
Name a kind of detached home that starts with letter V
Name a Norwegian radio station
What is the star with the highest proper motion whose companion of is Alpha Centauri B?
Which is the free and open-source software that is named after Linux?
WHICH IS THE RAILROAD WITH THE MAXIMUM GRADIENT
What is geomorphological unit of East European Plain?
What is the resting place of Hayreddin Barbarossa, that has a sister in Lagos?
What is the history of the Indian Reserve at Nanyang Technological University?
What TV character did Benn Affleck perform?
What encyclopedia covers encyclopedias?
Who is Warren Beatty's wife or partner?
Which is the dam of Three Georges Dam?
Who is John Conrad's mother's brother?
What is Anatoly Karpov's work location where official language if Russian?
Which asteroid has got the most orbital inclination?
What is the charger for the rebellion?
What academic major studies World History?
which mountain has a tallest elevation above sea level?
In Korea, why is the central bank ruled by Japan?
Who is chairwoman party membership of Jack Horner?
Which is the triumphal arch that Jean Chalgrin was the architect and contains the word arc in it's name!
Who has sons of daddy Noel Tata?
WHO was the commonwealth participant of the north african campaign?
Where in the Kingdom of Italy was the birthplace of Anna Magnani?
What is the body of standards of the International Organization for Standardization?
What is stockholders to represent Vista aérea da cidade de São Paulo/SP?
Who is the author of Othello?
What is available in The Forsyte Saga which has a script of the English alphabet?
Where did Gianni Agnelli work and when did it ended?
Which English film has the longest average shot length?
In what way can things be described as similar that starts with the letter n?
What is the field of action of the parent company of Claro?
What is the name of the famous Roman stadium
What are the trigonometric function which start with the letter v
Gisli Jonsson replaced Bertil Ohlin in what position?
What is the profession of Amartya Sen, whose patron saint is Santo Tomás de Aquinas?
When did stadium for operator of University of Toronto?
Who is the language official from Khanate of Kokand, that has AWLD status and is 1 safe?
Where was the Russian Revolution co-founded by Peter the Great?
what is the statement of subject of award received by Jose Ferrer in 1st Tony Awards?
What is  award received  from  Goodfellas  that is the subject of  63rd Academy Awards ?
What are the disjoint union and opposite of Real numbers?
What is part of the background of Iran, that has racial group of I.A.?
What position was held by Richard Nixon that was later taken by Gerald Ford?
Tell me me a republic whose name consist of the word republic and whose capital venice
Who participated in the conflict of Central Powers that preceded World War II?
What is the sex of the biological sibling of Frederick William III of Prussia?
To which National Association Football team does Lionel Messi belong?
Who is a member of the crew of Enola Gay?
Tell me military offensive whose name has the word operation in it.
For what railway stations is Isambard Kingdom Brunel the architect?
Tell me me a musical whose name consist of the word woods and whose lyrics by Stephen Sondheim
Who were the participants of the Attack on Pearl Harbor and what effect as the end result of the attack?
What is the determination method for a substance dependence that has the genetic association of PLEKHG1?
Which landlocked country has the highest GDP PPP?
What's the name of the Looney Tunes bird?
Who is the person in the significant event of the dissolution of the Soviet Union?
Which is the mandate of human rights?
WHICH IS THE SPORT IN A GEOGRAPHIC REGION WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF CLUBS
What city in Bilbao has a twinned administrative body?
What physically interacts with glycine and has a subcellular localization in the integral component of a membrane?
Which macOS operating systems use PowerPC to function?
What is the indirect cause of the predecessor of street sweepers, janitors, and professionals who take care of buildings such as hospitals and schools?
The Dijkstra's algorithm is named after which mathematician?
Tell me water deity whose name has the word yinglong in it.
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Why did October Revolution got devastated and who was responsible behind it?
What is the location of Feng Youlan's death that has a twin city named Minsk?
What is the country of citizenship of the Kingdom of the Netherlands?
What is the county seat of Bandar Seri Bagawan in APEC?
What kind of characters are in Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
What city is the county seat of Norfolk?
Name a chemical element located in the UK that contains the word strontium in its name
What is the rank of the taxon parent in the Allosaurus family?
What Class IIIB combustible liquid has the highest vapor pressure?
Emma Stone's hair is what color?
What tributary is on lake Saint Martin?
What is the deity of Mahishasura?
What wind turbine power station has the least annual energy output?
what is the spacecraft with the lowest orbits completed whose instance of is spacecraft?
What is the name of of Jose de San Marin in Portuguese?
Where did Vint Cerf have an academic major of mathematics?
Who is the devout Episcopal child of Casey Affleck?
What signed language of Peter Singer has a case of genitive case?
The Tokugawa Shogunate was located in what country?
What film was Diane Keaton nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which is the voice type of death growl?
Who is the renter of the neighborhood, Venus de MIlo?
What are the book which start with the letter t
Which is founded by the subsidiary of Southwest_Airlines?
What is the constitution of the Soviet Union?
Which is the diagnostic test that is a health specialty of anatomical pathology and contains the word pap in it's name?
What is the daily newspaper published by Alan Rusbridger that contains the word  guardian in its name
Which is the endianness for x86?
Who is educated by of artist of Tout le monde?
What are the film studio which start with the letter s
What are the type of software which start with the letter s
What was Judi Dench nominated for in Notes on a Scandal?
Which Kazakhstan landing Soyuz-TM has the greatest orbital period?
What is the title of the sequel to Lila: An Inquiry into Morals and who authored it?
How is a cubic meter measured?
Who is the voice actor of the character Loretta Brown from the Family Guy?
What is the royal house of the manager of the Order of Saint John Bailiwick of Brandenburg?
Who is Henry the Lion's first cousin?
Name the G-type main-sequence star in our solar system with the smallest angular diameter?
What area in Sevastopol is disputed territory?
What does the split from the Virgin Mary portray?
Sergei Eisenstein is the screenwriter of which silent film?
What are the symptoms and medical tests needed to treat lung cancer?
Who is born at Tilda Swinton, which has a partner town of Baku?
What commodity did the creators of the Logitech 3D mouse at Musée Bolo use?
Biotin is used against which disease?
WHat is the project involving nuclear weapons that contains the word manhattan in its name?
Which is the JMK film rating for Titanic?
What are the music genre which start with the letter s
Who is chief executive of manufacturer of IBM 7030 Stretch?
What position was Itamar Franco elected to in 1982?
What are the symptoms of lung cancer?
Which is the foods traditionally associated for Meleagris gallopavo?
What is Eason Chan youngster?
What is Minecraft – Pocket Edition's field of exercise?
What award did Gwen Stefani win with Eve?
What Spanish election to the Parliament of Catalonia had the fewest legitimate votes?
What is located in the administrative unit of Aquascalientes, which has boroughs called Nayarit?
Who was Arthur Seyss-Inquart`s defender in the Nuremberg trials?
Name the watercourse located in Canada?
What employment did the grandmother of Rob Kardashian have?
What are the ssociation football stadium which start with the letter U
Which nominees won Circuit Community Awards for the film, 'Fight Club'?
What is the geological type locality of sylvite that was involved in the significant incident of the Mount Vesuvius eruption of 1631?
Where did Mashhur bin Abdulaziz Al Saud's father die?
What is position held by Charles VIII of France who replaces Louis XI of France?
Which populat TV series features Christine Prayon
who sister town of born in of Huban Öztoprak?
What is the most natural abundance of the isotope of cadmium that decays to palladium -106?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
What is the author and the chief executive officer of Reddit?
who is author of afterword of Nineteen Eighty-Four?
Who was Ip Man's student?
What is the arrondissement of Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela, and has a partner town of Mashhad?
Which is the video game of the series of Call of Duty?
what are the military rank which starts with s
Which extrasolar planet within the constellation Aquarius has the smallest radius?
What are the aspect of histor which start with the letter r
Which is uses language of Imre Kertész, that has AWLD status is 1 safe?
Which is parent body of Neptune, who has symbol is solar symbol?
Which is birthplace state of Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia?
WHAT ARE COMIC GENRE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N
What is the career of the creators of The Sims?
Tell me railroad line whose name has the word schluff in it.
Who is the fictional person that is present in the work of Macbeth?
Who is the person of the family of House of Medici?
What is another treatment of hypertension other than hypersalivation?
In which sovereign state did the Indian Independence Movement happen in?
What country is Abuja the capitol of?
Iggy Pop is a member of what band?
Tell me about position held of Vladimir Putin and manager/director?
Isaac Fawkes, also known as Isaach, is known by what personal name?
Which is the character role of Luciano Pavarotti?
Which is the doctoral thesis of Dorothy Hodgkin?
What is the daughter that has kids of Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe?
What is Jacinda Adern's official title?
What was Joseph's occupation?
Tom Brady plays what position on which team?
What is Proxima Centauri's companion?
When did landlocked country for currency of Russian ruble?
Thessaloniki is part of what region?
who operates Dash 8?
What books were illustrated by William Blake?
What are the ancient city which start with the letter zemar
which is the type of kinship for Jesse Louis Lasky whose relative as Samuel Goldwyn?
who is the Vidhan Sabha for legislative body of Assam?
Wikipedia is the operator of what foundation?
Which Hanseatic city has a twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
What was Gerry Adams position held that cause the dissolution of parliament?
tell me railway tunnel that contains the word tunel in the name
Which is party chief representative of Xi Jinping?
What are the thunder god which start with the letter zeus
Who is the organizer of FIFA World Cup?
What country is located in the administrative territorial entity of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
Amtrak is the owner of which tower station?
What does a prescription drug for bipolar disorder do?
Which is the medical exam of phenotype?
When is diplomatic relation comes from Hunger?
Which is the office held by head of the organisation of Autonomous University of Madrid?
Who are the alumnus of Chris Burden whose Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education is exclusively undergraduate four-year?
What is the nominated for and the award received of Sharon_Stone?
What is key event of h capital that has Grand Duchy of Moscow?
what is the work for Neil Gaiman has award received as Locus Award for Best Collection?
What is the form of government of the country William Kidd was born in?
What was China previous dynasty before Yuan?
Tell me about the state in the Confederation of the Rhine located in the administrative territorial entity of Weimar Republic.
What are the outflows of Lake Albert that are tributaries of Kidepo River?
What what is project objective of project or mission nuclear weapon and also which starts with letter m
Tell me about noble title of Pepin the Short and follows
Where did Andrey Kolmogorov earn his Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics?
When did member of sports team of Franz Beckenbauer and number of matches played?
who Vidhan Sabha for executive body of manipur?
What is Watt based on the way to measure the physical quantity?
Which is member of sovereign state of province of China?
What portable computer had MS-DOS as the operating system?
Which is the novella that contains the word švabica in it's name?
which freedom starts with d
For what period is La Marseillaise valid as the French anthem?
WHAT IS THE CULTURAL HISTORY OF CHINA?
Who is the participant that's not cooperative in the depiction of the Statue of the Viscount Slim?
Pentachoron is dual to what?
Who is disciple and supervisor of David Ward-Steinman?
Who is the alumna of wives of Rebecca West?
What notable books were inspired by the Portrait of Louise Vernet?
What diseases does psychotherapy study?
Which isotope of lead has the least mass excess which decays to thallium-185?
What is gained from the story of Equatiorial Kundu?
Is Erich Salomon a photographer?
Who is the child of Mahmoud Abbas?
Which work of Toni Morrison was awarded the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work, Fiction?
tell me about moon of saturn starts with the letter t
Which is the handedness of Bruce Willis?
Which is the fictional universe of the fictional universe described in Star Trek?
Who is the chairperson of Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria?
What on the shore of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, is a tributary of the Albemarle Sound
where is the located in the administrative territorial entity and who is the category of associated people of Hollywood?
Which is based in of Cuban Missile Crisis, whose tributary is Grande de Matagalpa River?
who won by of prize received of john le carré?
What is the god worshipped by Jehovah's Witnesses that contains the word yahweh in its name?
Which brand is located in Barcelona?
Name a landmark located in the administrative territorial entity of Old Toronto that starts with letter C
What is the parent astronomical body and the type of orbit for the Hubble Space Telescope?
Who had a son named Timur, and whose interment was in Shahrisabz?
Who is the Wikimedia category for category for films shot at this location of Shanghai
Who composed The Magic Flute?
What is main topic of history of Afghanistan, which has governor is Mohammed Nadir Shah?
Which aspect of history of Latin America has scientifical studies of Latin American?
Who was Barbara Walters's spouse and when did the marriage end?
Which is national park of outflow Sol Duc River?
What female is not the same as Kevin Durant who is male?
Which strain has the highest viable temperature?
Which place of detention for Elie Wiesel?
Joko Widodo is the head of government of which sovereign state?
What is eponym of Gödel, Escher, Bach, which has working place is Institute for Advanced Study?
Who is the role model of the author of The Iron Duke?
What theme follows the Manual for Civilization?
Who owns the rights of the Triumph of the Will?
Which talk show did Ellen DeGeneres create?
Who is starring in the film series The Heather Biblow Story?
With a dissertation of the Systems of Logic Based on Ordinals, who is the Turing Test named after?
What is portrayed by track list of Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima?
Which is the business for which Steve Jobs was a board member?
What is the capital of the secular state of Montevideo?
In which metropolitan region of terrain feature is Frankfurt located?
Which films is Mary Pickerford in?
What is the part of the grammar that deals with the history or origin of the words of Planck time, that has doctoral student is Walther Bothe?
Tell me the intergovernmental organization of the coat of arms of Emblem of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations that starts with the letter a!
Who is working in Room 101?
Tell me the newspaper that has English as language of work and contains the word tribune in it's name?
Which is the organization for the subsidiary of Rutgers University?
Who succeeds to John McIntosh, the inventor of Honeycrisp?
What is the works for of the movie director of Primate?
What is field of study of René Leduc. Pionnier de la propulsion à réaction. 2000?
Who attended the Battle of the Vittorio Veneto?
Which diplomatic relation of sovereign state of Adelaide?
who this taxon is a source of taxon parent of musa juwiniana?
Which is the patron saint for Sabadell?
What is a taxonomic rank that starts with the letter v.
What is the Parthian Empire's office religion?
tell me about sedative contains the word nutmeg in their name
What are the names of the characters in the show Bobby Smiles?
For what pharmaceutical product is niacin the active ingredient?
Which is the island nation for the country of pound sterling?
What are the freeway network which start with the letter s
Which river has the most throughput?
What position does David Lloyd George hold?
What was Billy Wilder nominated for at the 39th Academy Awards?
Which is the edition or translation of Internet Protocol version 6?
What is the locomotive class with the most stroke whose operator is Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway?
who is video game publisher of safety classification and labelling of β-lactose?
Who is subject of inventor or discoverer of Bogdanov-Takens bifurcation?
What vein is connected to the small intestine?
What is on focus list on Wikimedia project for arch?
Which county in Norway shares a border with Oslo
Who is Aisha's sibling?
which method starts with w
What is endemic to kangaroo?
What is the alphabet of Furutachi based upon?
What is at the grave of the son of Sancha of Castile, Queen of Navarre?
Which lake has the largest length?
Where in New York was Sofia Coppola born?
Which is the position that applies to jurisdiction of Weimar Republic?
Where was Niels Bohr educated at, and who was his doctoral advisor?
who principal place of state of loreng?
Who is the musical score by in It Happened One Night that states someone's middle name is Howard?
What is follows of city that has criterion used for human population?
who pharmaceutical product for has active ingredient of amoxicillin?
What workplace compiled Historia Coelestis Britannica?
Who are the pupils of the songwriter of Für Elise?
What is a religious order of knight?
TELL ME CEREMONY WHICH START WITH THE LETTER U.
Which part of Adélie Land has a the second-level administrative country subdivision?
What is the sex of Barbie and who is her partner?
What is Chisinau's sister town?
Who are the daughters of Peter Gabriel that were born in Bath?
What Wikimedia article lists the monuments of Bern?
Who are Sean Connery's wife and child?
Who is the contestant of Carl Gottlieb's work?
What is guest of honor for Arturo Toscanini?
Who is the leader of the honor of the Colour of My Love?
What whistleblowing platform did Julian Assange create?
What is social media account on publishing house of Puyo Puyo Fever 2?
Air India operates which aircraft model?
Who wrote Forrest Gump?
Which is the cuisine of Surimi?
Where is the stomach located anatomicaly
WHO PLAYED THE SUCCESSOR OF CALL OF THE WILD?
Which trophies has Tom Hollander won?
what is instruction set architecture that starts with x
What was John Mills nominated for in recognition of his work on Ryan's Daughter?
Which bridge is upstream of the London bridge
What is the Wikipedia article for natural numbers?
Which is the start point of Taoyuan City?
What influenced Georges Bataille that studied at Eberhard-Ludwigs Gymnasium?
Tell me race horse whose name has the word tikkanen in it
What is the deathplace of Natalia Molchanova with a government headed by Jaume Ferrer Ribas?
What is the birth place of Claude Adrien Halrtius, that aslo has villages, and is 7th arrondissement of Paris?
What is the significance of November 28 in the Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar?
What is the art genre that starts with the letter o?
Name the flattest inferior planet rotating the Sun.
What is the place of incorporation of the developers of the Nintendo Switch?
What woodcut print is depicted by the Tower of Babel?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest median lethal concentration whose has effect is allyl glycidyl ether exposure?
Which departments of the United Nations are directed by the UN Secretary-General?
What are thebig city which start with the letter i
Who is habitat of taxon parent of Lagopus persicus?
What was the previous favorite player of constructivism
who taxonomic rank of higher taxon of treeswift?
Which straight six cylinder diesel electric engine has the largest bore?
What type of electrification is direct current?
What New Line Cinema film trilogy had the largest box office?
What are the revolution which start with the letter r
What county seat does Josef Neumayer hold in the Austrian national government
What is the most important medicine used in treating inflammation?
How many times has Magnus Carlsen recieved the World Chess Champion award?
What is the award received and the nominated for of Gloria_Estefan?
Who does Kristin Davis portray on the HBO series, 'Sex and the City'?
What city is both the death location of Carlos Gardel and the twin city of Cali?
What is both located in or next to a body of water and located in the administrative territorial entity of Sydney?
B. B. King died from a stroke in his brain.
Who is the daughter in the musical The Beat That My Heart Skipped
What are the Avion which start with the letter washington
Can you tell distributor of BP?
Which sister city of Burlington has a county seat held by Yaroslavl Oblast?
WHICH IS THE ROCK BAND THAT STARTS WITH Y
Who are the sons and daughters of Athena?
What low electronegativity gas did Andre-Marie Ampere discover?
Who is employing Lockheed Martin?
which chemical compound has the highest kinematic viscosity?
What villages has Dorian Leigh worked?
Mention the opposite quantum element of elementary particle.
Which second language did Paul van Dyk study?
What is the Glucan with the highest minimum explosive concentration whose has part is hydrogen?
What is the catalog of traditional Chinese characters for writing system
What actor from The Truman Show was educated at the Peabody Institute?
what killed john lennon?
What advisor was musical score Piano Sonata No.3 by?
What preceded London Calling in the same literary genre of folk punk?
Which is the hair color and the eye color of Hilary_Swank?
Who gave thecitation of is shown in of Beardsley?
What disputed territory starts with the letter t?
Tell me the academic college library with the largest collection.
Which is the species kept of Chanos chanos?
What comes before and is developed by MultiMediaCard?
Which is the epithet which is said to be the same as Apollo?
When did Umberto I of Italy replace Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy?
When does the new season of Saturday Night Live start?
Who are the participants in the Battle of Greece, which is a member of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons?
Which is border of Sichuan, whose partner town is Suceava?
What time zone is the same as Macau?
who zenith of borders of east java?
What is the part of the constellation HD 76700 that has a moon?
Where is the birth place of Frank Capra?
What was Katharine Hepburn nominated for, for her work in On Golden Pond?
Who discovered Malaria?
TELL ME THE SEAT OF LEIDEN UNIVERSITY MEMBER?
What WWII weapon had the greatest range?
Which is the government of the executive body of Beijing?
What aircraft hijacking caused the War on Terror?
What is the tributary of Mindanao's body of water?
Tell me the sports team which contains the word world in it's name?
What linked jurisdiction is adjacent to the Council of the North?
What country was Francis Crick born in?
Who county seat of Musa al-Kadhim died?
Who is the advisor of the architecture firm of Duey and Julia Wright House?
L-phenylalanine is encoded by?
what is first-order metaclass contains the word type in their name
What is the standard time zone for Zaporizhzhya Oblast?
Which is the location of first performance of La traviata?
which binary relation starts with the letter s
What science studies genetic diseases?
What is seat of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial group, that has local government areas is Yonbancho?
Is polyvinyl chloride safe?
Which Netherlands municipality has the highest employment by economic sector?
Who is the admin HQ of the movie studio for Dinner for Schmucks?
What is the artistic genre for continuity in World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria?
What country is Belfast located in, and when was the city founded?
What are the currency which start with the letter yen
Who is the writer of A Brief History of Time by the professor of Dennis W.Sciama?
For what work did W.H. Auden receive the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
Where does the crocodile rank in the taxon of Crocodylinae?
Which is the asteroid spectral type for 10 Hygiea?
What logarithmic scaled measures energy?
who is favorite player of doctoral supervisor of Darius Lakdawalla?
Which is the antonym of the participation event for a girl?
What is the area of responsibility for the NPR, that has a time of UTC -07:00?
What religion do the children of Mahisente Habte Mariam follow?
Who is Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, ex-husband?
Tell me the characters in the version of Božanska komedija (Debevec).
Tell me the sports team Giuseppe Meazza plays for and when he began with them.
who is cousin for motif of Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I?
What administrative territorial entity of Kenya starts with the letter n?
What are the group or class of chemical substances which start with the letter v
What airlines use the Airbus A340?
What is the subsidiary company working for Leonard Maltin?
What are the historic county of England which start with the letter yorkshire
Which business is Ford Motor Company in?
Who was replaced by Cnut the Great as the monarch of Norway?
What is the operator and manufacturer of Boeing B-52 Stratofortress?
What sport does the chairwoman of the Athletic Club play?
What species of animal is Dinny, the Brontosaur, who is kept at the Calgary Zoo?
Who are the illustrator and author of The Hobbit?
Which chemical element has MIN(time-weighted average exposure limit) whose subclass of is group 13?
What is published in journal of bibliographic citation of Using accelerometers to measure physical activity in large-scale epidemiological studies: issues and challenges.?
Which division is the subsidiary of MTV?
Who is the patron saint of Wales?
What is the hereditary position of the Head of State Office of Japan Empire
what is the operation for the anatomical location problem of the ear?
What products does Coca-Cola produce?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
Which unit of measurement measures density as a physical quality?
What are the ionizing radiation which start with the letter n
Which terrorist attack in France resulted in the highest number of injuries?
What kinds of symptoms does aspirin treat?
Which state of Mexico that contains the word zacatecas in their name
Who did the author cite in the book Behavioral and neural correlates of delay of gratification 40 years later?
Who is the wife of Hank Azaria and where did they get married?
Who is Daimier AG's owner and what is its subsidiary?
Is the state of Austria the capital of the Austrian Empire?
Who is the burial place of Nebettawy?
Which house has the most floors above ground?
What is the central bank that issues the Russian ruble?
WHICH IS THE FUNICULAR WITH THE MAXIMUM AERAGE GRADIENT
In what field did Niklaus Wirth get a Master of Science degree?
Kim Stanley received a prize for being nominated.
Which is the powerplant for F-35 Lightning II?
Who are the owners of original air channel of CCTV spring Festival gala 1998?
Who is the discoverer or inventor of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
David Grossman together with Jessica Cohen won which award?
Who are the characters in Exodus, the has a brother or sister named Nadabe?
Tell me house cat whose name starts with m
What area of mathematics does Claude Shannon specialize in?
What address can you access YouTube from?
What is in the postsynaptic connection of rod cell?
What is the motif of chancellor Armand Marrast, that has Bal du moulin de la Galette?
Where are the archives of Vietnam located?
What is a contestant in the work of Walter Blakely?
Which is the business that is the publisher of The Economist?
Which is the tributary for Tennesse River?
Which imperative programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie design?
What is the queen of the land of Bahia Toco Largo Lake?
Which are the people that participate in the religion of Islam?
Who is the historic county of England for shares border with of Hampshire
Bronislaw Malinowski used what drug as his method of murder?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
What time zone did the San Francisco Chronicle originate in?
What did Alexander Grothendieck prove?
What education is composed by Papillons?
What is portrayed by track listing of Invasion of Privacy?
Which is the state or insular area capital in the United States with the highest point of Crown Hill Cemetery and contains the word indianapolis in it's name?
Whose professional harpsichordist's namesake was the Goldberg Variations named after?
Tell me the border that contains the word line in their name
Name the most-produced rolling stock class operated by the New York City Subway?
What language has the regulatory body in the Office québécois de la langue française and is spoken by Manuel Castells?
Which is the railway tunnel with terminus Erstfeld and contains the word base in it's name?
What legislative body is the regional organization of European parliament?
What is designed to carry the automobile?
What is medical condition of Human Pregnancy?
Where did George Wallace obtain his Bachelor of Laws degree?
Who is work partner of scriptwriter Member Berries?
which type of anime television series starts with y
What stars are closest to Neptune?
What is the military casualty classification of prisoner of war?
What is the death place of Lavrentiy Beria and is the twin town of Tehran?
What member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is coined of calcium?
What is the United states of America's lowest atmospheric pressure Hurricane?
Why was Isaac sacrificed?
Which is the poster that depicts Barack Obama?
Which text does the Book of Genesis originate?
What is bipedalism's means of locomotion?
Name the file system developed by Theodore Ts'o with the least cardinality?
What are the has states of sovereign state of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China?
Which ester has the highest flash point?
Who is speaker of Nicolas Sarkozy?
What was the method of murder of Oscar Wilde, who had a medical specialty in neurology?
Where is Japan Railways Group, the place of incorporation that has the prime minister Yuriko Koike?
Where next to Idaho was Herbert Jasper born?
What is the mausoleum of Sun Yat-sen
Which is the official language for Republic of Adygea?
Who is the son of the parent of Myat Phaya?
What time of animation is Looney Tunes?
Who is role model of subject in biography of Friedrich Nietzsche?
What is notable about the woman depicted in Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
Who is the attributed creator for Auschwits Album?
Who is the co-creator of the 1925 monte carlo rally?
According to Wikipedia, what is the reserve currency with the lowest price?
which procedural programming language contains the word visual in their name
What is the aircraft in fleet of the user of T-54/55?
What does Toyota manufacture?
Tell me biblical episode whose name has the word woman in it.
What award did Joseph Lister, 1st Baron of Lister win?
What is the musical composition for composer of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
What position is held by the head of state of Ottoman Empire?
What is the position of political office held by a member of Augustus' family?
What does a joule measure?
Where in the Duchy of Bavaria was Hans Holbein born?
Name a biblical character in the book of Isaiah that contains the word  leviathan in its name
Tell me the religious concept that facet of Hinduism and which that starts with the letter y
Whose father of Prince Aly Khan?
What is the present in work and the said to be the same as of John_the_Baptist?
When is the football event starts in July?
What is Vietnam of Japan-Vietnam relations of statement is subject odf diplomatic relation?
Which is the final sport of Australian rules football?
Which academic major was educated by Norman Foster at the Yale School of Architecture?
What political scandal involved Hillary Clinton where she has to defend herself?
Name the chemical compound with the lowest standard molar entropy whose safety classification and labeling is Regulation EC No. 1272/2008.
What drug's dosage is largely carbon?
Who is the dominion of the British Empire for history of topic of history of Australia
Tell me syllable whose name has the word sen in it.
Which quantum particle that decays to an electron has the lowest decay width?
Who is the writer of Cloud Atlas that has a last name of Mitchell?
What is the capital of Pallava that has the administrative unit in the Kanchipuram district?
What is the sister city of the birthplace of Nikita Telenkov?
Who is the son of Charles Lucien Bonaparte's wife?
Tell me peace treaty whose name has the word treaty in it.
Which is the office held by head of Government that is Quintana Roo?
What person has the highest score?
Who is the husband of the choreographer of Slaughter on Tenth Avenue?
Who replaced Baibars as the Sultan of Egypt?
What diplomatic effect on the land did the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état cause?
Alexander Pushkin is a member of which literary society?
Who is the party chair for the position of Xi Jinping?
What ethnic group is Karl Weierstraß?
Who is the actor in the series The Two Mrs. Sheffields?
What city in Ukraine starts with the letter v?
Which territory was claimed by Taiwan?
Which is the medical specialty of the murder method of Paul Kruger?
The piper nigrum is part of which taxon?
Which film starring succeeds to In the Mood for Love?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
What are the positional notation which start with the letter v
Who is chef-lieu of Shashanka, whicg has chef-lieu of is Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad?
What is pedophilia?
Tell me binary operation whose name has the word union in it.
What is the type of taxon parent of Felidae?
What kind of music was in The Hobbit?
What is the citrate anion for the acidity of citric acid?
What is the business division of Aeroflot.
Name the Velká pardubická sponsored by Česká pojišťovna with the longest race time?
What is named after Alexander Hamilton?
What time zone is Antarctica/Macquarie?
What is the KMRB film rating of The Dark Knight?
What is the tributary of the lake next to Honshu?
For what work Robert Altman has nominated for Academy award for best director?
Who is the mother and child of Amitabh Bachchan?
tell me province of China that capital Chengdu starts with letter s
Tell me the road bridge that contains the word 'bridge' in its name and that is designed by Joseph Strauss
Name an international football competition that starts in November and contains the word cup in its name
What is the game artist for Naoto Ohshima?
Which is the aircraft fleet used by a helicopter?
Wich meanstheme music in Boléro?
What are the major works of Marin Alsop's supervisor?
What are the people which start with the letter w
What films have been shot in Yokohama?
Who is the mother of Antonio Vivaldi?
When did member of sports team of Christine Sinclair and number of matches played?
Which is the beam bridge that was created by Frank Gehry?
What is the capital of England?
Which is the magazine that has Jann Wenner as an editor and starts with the letter r?
Who is the person that is a political party member of Indian National Congress?
What is the waterfall for Lewis and Clark Expedition?
Tell me newspaper whose name has the word şalom in it.
Who are the sons of Alphonse Mucha, who is the daughter of Marie Chytilová?
What astronaut mission did Gordon Cooper use the Gemini spacecraft for?
What skyscraper did architect Zaha Hadid design?
What nomination for prizewinner Lester B. Pearson was received of D.T. Suzuki?
Steward Brand is a board member of what?
What business does CBS participate in and what materials do they produce?
who aircraft hijacking for immediate cause of War on Terror?
Which subatomic particle has the highest g-factor?
What is the position held by Mariano Rajoy who was elected in Spanish general election, 2016?
What's buried at Jean Pierre Boyer's on the street?
What is the script of the language that Hans Kelsen speaks?
How are Sophia of Hanover and Elizabeth Charlotte, Princess Palatine related?
What natural language has been influenced by English?
Who is employed at Georgetown University?
what is summit located on astronological body of reykholt
Air Asia was played by who and used what in it?
Which is the enclosure of the dome?
Which is the church building for religion of the United Methodist Church?
Tell me the association football sport FA Cup Final with the lowest attendance.
What are the image compression which start with the letter g
What animated film did Ellen DeGeneres do voice acting?
Which is the measured physical quantity of siemens?
What software uses Hebrew language?
Tell me hole whose name has the word depletion in it.
What is located in the administrative territorial entity and capital of Lagos?
Which is the battle that participated the Soviet Union?
What are the philosophical concept which start with the letter übermensch
Richard Dawkins is influenced by which generalization?
Why did the lyricist split from the Fatal Illusion?
Who developed Nintendo?
Which are the Bantu languages which start with letter z?
who is the discoverer or inventor of quicksort?
What is established by political office of Thomas de Lisle?
Who was Francisco Goya's student?
who Wikimedia duplicated page for said to be the same as of Nintendo Entertainment System?
What was the profession of St Thomas Aquinas?
Which cluster has the most metallic content?
Which is the Golden Globe Award for the award received by Mary Tyler Moore?
which is the statement is subject of for Stanley Kubrick that has nominated for as Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay?
What was Wally Pfister of the The Dark Knight nominated for?
Sarah Silverman stars in which animated film?
What are the part of speech which start with the letter verb
Which is the member of political party where member of of James_Monroe?
Tell me ceremonial county of England whose name has the word yorkshire in it.
What film was directed by photographer Laszlo Kovacs and starts with the letter G.
Who gave the is son of of sister or brother of Stephen Báthory?
Where is the location of work by Yayoi Kusama that also has counties in Shinjuku-ku?
What are thecountry within the United Kingdom which start with the letter s
What is the artistic genre of the portrait The Deer Park?
What is the distributed revision control system of SQL?
who country for head of government of mauricio macri?
What is the position held by Winnie Madikizela-Mandela at 26th South African Parliament?
WHAT IS THE CABLE STAYED BRIDGE THT STARTS WITH Y
Who is the video game publisher of Hex whose shareholder is Hasbro, Inc.?
What takes place in and what are the reasons for failure of Yan?
Who is married to Lyudmila Gurchenko, whose party is Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Another term for Aphex Twin is Rikardo.
Name a character in The Da Vinci Code
What is Michael Schumacher's job title and when did he start?
What degree did Mario Vargas receive at the Leoncio Prado Military Academy?
What diplomatic ties exist between China and Eritrea?
What was composed by Giselle that had his father as Louis Adam?
Name a decay mode working with gamma ray that contain the word  beta in its name
What are the belligerents of competes in Liu Xiang?
Which is adapted by Andrei Tarkovsky?
Who is affiliated with Harvard University?
What is original film format for Ultra-high-definition television?
Which Olympic games has Lance Armstrong participated in?
Which is the flood that the rain has effect in?
Which is in action passed by Residence Act?
Where did Nancy Pelosi major in political science?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that contains the word wikipedia in its name
What is the catalog for A Love Supreme?
What are the newspaper which start with the letter s
What replaced the culture of Old English?
What is Jerry O'Connel's birth location where John Lindsay is the mayor?
Name the reservoir with the lowest hydraulic head whose tributary is ERROR1.
Which sect of Christianity belongs to the Eastern Orthodox Church
What did Grigori Perelman solve?
Which applies to part of mitochondrial DNA?
What is the biography of Donald Trump
Which is the religion and the sex or gender of Emma_Stone?
Which fictional empire was present in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Which one of Bai Chongxi's children, wrote Taipei People?
When did member of sports team of Just Fontaine and number of points/goals/set scored?
Who is the president of the company that Karen Czarnecki works for?
Tell me noble family whose name has the word usenberger in it.
How is the founder of the protoplanetary disk?
What is an archaeological site located in Bodrum with the word mausoleum in its name?
What is the field of study and architectural style of Ramos de Azevedo?
What's the programming paradigm of the MXE language?
Is Janet Jackson, the performer, single?
What city in New York was Martin Balsam born in?
Who is the shareholder of CRRC which is a New York Stock Exchange?
What is next to Missouri and divides into Calloway County?
Which the is composition of The Blue Lotus
The Indianapolis 500 is held at which race track?
What is the name of this isolated human group that contain the word wenrohronon in their name?
In which country is Dutch the official language?
What was Alexandre Desplat nominated for Argo?
Name an instruction set architecture designed by Intel and that contains the word x86 in its name
What nationality is Mirza Ghazib, who is from the continent of Asia?
Who is the winner for High Noon who was awarded as Academy Award for Best Film Editing?
Which is the school of Mahendra Singh Dhoni?
What is the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
What democratic republic country had the Watergate scandal?
Where does Ivan Turgenev currently reside?
Who got replaced by Ayman al-Zawahiri?
what is the heavy equipment that starts with t
What position did Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis replace Mamie Eisenhower?
What is studies of coined for periodic table?
Who commissioned the Taj Mehal
What title did Guy of Lusignan hold, and who followed him?
What degree did Walter Benjamin earn at University of Bern?
What duties does Valerian Agafonoff perform?
How is formation of James Longstreet, which has parent company of is United States Department of the Army?
What are the province of China which starts with letters z
What is the higher taxon of resident animal species of Hellabrunn Zoo?
Which is the archive for the architectural style of Bauhaus?
What state does Mobutu Sese Seko proside over
For what work was Julie Christie nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which is the film genre of the series of Unmasked?
What is the Salzburg airport named after?
What is the place of death of Endre Ady, which is the twin city of Daejeon?
What language did the Ancient Greek's speak?
Which museum tugboat has the most net tonnage?
Where is border of birth location of Asia Argento?
which is executioner of lyracist of In My Life?
Tell me the media player with a license of proprietary license and starts with the letter w?
What town in Woodward County is birthplace to Reba McEntire?
Which is the deepest point for Mekong River?
What is not the same as the globe, whose time zone is Mountain Time Zone?
What would be the twin city of the subtopic of Istanbul's history?
what is the antonym of father that has series is Ahnentafel?
Mention the name of the companion of Johnny Cash in his discography
Which animated character has got more number of children?
What type of music does Best Ballads do?
Which country does Roberto Rossellini, who died in Rome, belong to?
What is the academic specialty of the author of journal article Research on Middle Age: An Assessment?
Who is the sponsor of Anne, Princess Royal?
What are the recurring events which start with the letter w
Where is Charles Nirmalanathan job located?
Which Science, that studies deformation, has a history in The History of Engineering?
Which is the river that is different from the mass?
Which is the continental area and surrounding islands for the continent of the Middle East?
What is parent company for alumna of Thomas Hobbes?
Which is the research program that the objective of project or mission of human genome whose name contains the word genome?
Tell me craft whose name has the word woodworker in it.
Which makes use of sports of football boots?
Name a traditional fairy tale that starts with letter S
What is the capital of the is in the city of Jauca?
What gene is associated with breast cancer by a Genome-wide association study?
What facilities does the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport have?
is Brian Wilson a creative work conributor?
which poem contains the word prymskvioa in their name
Which is the newspaper owned by the Australian Football League?
Name a W3C Recommendation that starts with letter X
In which country is Syracuse that is the birth place of Megyn Kelly?
What award Eddie Redmayne received for his work The Theory of Everything?
What Denmark hotel has the least angle from vertical?
Who is the performer and the present in work of Satan?
What is the HQ of Ärztekammer Nordrhein?
Which has the evaluation of the pulse?
Which architect, who also designed the Jewish Museum in Berlin, was honored with the Buber-Rosenzweig-Medal?
In which country can you exchange the pound sterling for goods?
What is the reason for Kosovo sharing a border with Albania?
What CEP service has the most total equity?
where were William Blake and Catherine Blake married?
Name the capital city Aung San Suu Kyi lives in.
How is the genetic association between the gene DDRGK1 and hepatitis C determined?
What sport rewards the FIFA World Cup?
Tell me pavo whose name has the word peacock in it.
Which business manufactures the Commodore 64?
What is the pharmaceutical product for which cocaine is active ingredient?
Which inventor or discoverer with the profession of astronomer discovered 90377 Sedna?
Who are the women who voiced part of Naked to the Limit, One More Time?
Which mosque is named after Suleiman the Magnificent?
What is first described in tide with praenomen Gaius?
What is material used of water?
In what town is Taekyeung College?
Tell me the component that has the shape of hyperboloid and starts with the letter c?
Which is the significant event for A-League?
What source material is the buff coat made from?
Who are the children of Jens Breivik's husband?
Who is the head general of this branch?
The film Mowgli was described by what film crew member?
Which republic with the a minimal nominal GDP is a member of the International Finance Corporation?
In what year was Bette Davis nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
What government is headed by the land of Arkhangelsk?
What pharmaceutical product has zinc as it's active ingredient?
What is the blood type of Jay Chou?
who are the film editor, director of Spirited_Away?
Which is the capital of Tulunids?
What is the film genre of the musician from Hold me in your arms.
Mention the award handed over to the daughter of Alexander II of Russia
What is the cause and place of death of Lewis Carroll?
WHEN IS THE ANTONYM EVENT OF MARCELO ARIEL GELMAN SCHBEROFF
Which is the type of music from the work of Guitar Player?
Which person who had the career of a cartographer was the inventor of the jigsaw?
When did member of sports team of Ali Daei and number of matches played?
Which Android One has the largest maximum size or capacity?
Name an actor of 60 minutes
When did spouse of Andriy Shevchenko and start time?
What is Gery Cori's family name before marriage?
During the 34th Academy Awards, what awards was the film La Dolce Vita nominated for?
What are the borders of Kaifeng that contain the rural city of Fendquan District
What part of the constellation orbits the Milky Way?
Who gave theuser of theme of Gingerbread Man?
What country has The Star-Spangled Banner as its anthem?
tell me fossil taxon name has the word velociraptor in it
WHICH IS THE DEITY THAT WEARS HIMATION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD CHRIST IN THEIR NAME
What participants are there of Magnus Carlsen?
What is the measure of the scale of temperature?
What is the ortholog of RHO?
Who gave the ideology of member of of Lola Iturbe?
Who is the national association football team for home venue of Wembley Stadium
What is country for human breast milk?
What does tobramycin treat?
Who is inspired by Statue of Liberty?
What part of Missouri was Mark Twain born in?
who enzyme for found in taxon of homo sapiens?
who city of workplace of A. J. P. Taylor?
What is the location of birth, with a capital city of Petra, of Junipero Serra?
Which is the academic degree for undergraduate degree?
Name a movie from Hayao Miyazaki
Who is replacing John Howard's position in the Australian House of Representatives?
How was our planet formed?
who chronology of topic of continent of Canine Hills?
What is the christian church whose leader is known as the pope that contains the word catholic  in its name
Mukesh Ambani is the boss of which company?
What is the word for work or name in English?
What edition of Abhigyanashakuntalam is in English?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
What Wikipedia article lists the awards Angela Lansbury received?
What natural feature on the Leeward Islands is also on a tributary of the Riviere Roxelane?
What was the noble title of Charles the Fat and who was he followed by?
Whats characters are in The Emperor's New Groove
Who owns the copyright for,The Little Prince?
What role did James Spader play in The Office?
Which is the building for the headquarters location of Cathay Pacific?
What's the country that has the lowest amount of school children who have family that work for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
Which is the home world of Neptune?
Which academic field for the history of the United States divides into the state of Michigan?
Which job uses a brick?
What podcast does John Oliver work on?
Which war cemetery has the least memorial based burials?
What is the name of the Bohr model that has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Where is the death place of Masaccio whose countries are municipio XII?
What encryption software is used by author Julian Assange?
Josip Broz Tito is the head of government for what historical country?
What is the great power with maximum exports?
What is the name of the archaeological site where Qin Shi Huang was buried?
What is the history of Montevideo?
Where did Niccolò Machiavelli die in Sant'Andrea in Percussina?
Who member of sports team and the position played on team / speciality of Stephen_Curry?
Which are the overlies for basement?
What are the econothem which start with the letter p
Who was John Stuart Mill's stepparent?
What is the galaxy with the lowest redshift whose constellation is Boötes?
Who is the father of Norax that is the equivalent of Thoth?
which is interaction of academic field for nuclear physics?
What us Clovis I's noble title and who follows?
In what capacity does the Empire of Japan govern?
Belgrade is the capital of what country?
Where is Pat Sajak's birthplace in the province of Cook County?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What are the archipelago which start with the letter I
who is the family and father of 14th_Dalai_Lama?
Who are the characters in the second season of the series Black Sails?
What spacecraft has the longest orbital period?
What engine family has the highest compression ratio?
What is the twin city of New York City, that is also the birth place of Judit Polgar?
What is the noble title of Charles the Fat and follows.
What was the statement that was made by the head of government for the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Sergey Aksyonov?
Which stockholder has a label of Wanda Jackson?
What is composed by Thaïs? Who is the child of Alexis Massenet?
Which is the theatrical genre that starts with the letter z?
Gordon Cooper was the crew member for which space launch?
Tell me decimal classification whose name has the word classification in it.
What city in Germany borders Hammburg?
What is the name of Bashar al-Assad's sibling
What did the cinematographer of Jim: The James Foley Story slaughter?
Who are the partners of Devora Ben-Yehuda's siblings?
What are the invasion which start with the letter migration
Who is the writer of the preceeds of Choke?
What US company has the highest net profit?
Who is the chief executive officer of IBM
In what language was Marcus Aurelius Antonius's His Medications Concerning Himself (Meditations) written?
Who is the human for replaces of Ayman al-Zawahiri
what is the type of kinship for William the Conqueror has relative as Edward the Confessor?
Tell me about Screen Actors Guild Award for award received of Mary Tyler Moore?
Wich meansconjugate base in ammonium cation?
What painting of a heart has been found in the human species?
Henry Goudy is the position holder of what professorship?
What what is Olympic sport authority by International Biathlon Union and which that starts with b
Which species kept of Redwood National and State Parks?
What work was Alan Arkin nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role?
Which academic degree did Bjarne Stroustrup earn from the University of Cambridge?
What was the location time zone of Donetsk Oblast as per standard time?
Who is the publisher and the developer of Minecraft?
What was Septuagint's psalm?
Who was the doctoral advisor of Isaac Newton?
Which chef-lieu was the hometown of George Orwell?
What is the Wikimedia category of Surat?
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which constitutional republic?
Where did Paul Verlaine die, whose Prime Minister is Jean Sylvain Bailly?
What award did Alvin Eliot Roth and Lloyd Shapley receive together?
Name a vegetation zone in Europa that contains the word taiga in its name
tell me sexual orientation that name has the word sex in it
What is the environment of Street Fighter that came before PlayStation4?
Who was the film starring in the movie Happy Days, the birth place for the movie was in Los Angeles
What is safety classification and labelling of ferrous sulfate anhydrous, that has publishing house National Fire Protection Association has published?
Tell me the class lllb with the highest exposure limit whose safety is labelling standards.
What is the religion and sex of Hugh Laurie?
For which movie has Mel Gibson received and Academy Award for Best Picture?
What cities contain the nationality of Eddie Robinson?
What is the noble title of Godfrey of Boullions and who follows him?
who granted by of nomination received of thomas hardy?
What is the story behind White Christmas?
Which solar calendar contains the word calendar in their name
Tell me the taxon that has capsule as fruit type and starts with the letter t?
who is presented by the series of american ldol, season 1?
What state has the highest fertility rate?
What is succeeds to part of work of Very Ape?
A solid is what phase of matter?
Name a child of Nargis
which work place split from Pierre Puvis de Chavannes?
Which character from Mario wasn´t in Super Mario?
What is the main Japanese dialect?
Which is the attribute for Mark the Evangelist?
What PWN internet service has the greatest number of records?
Which is public holiday for Eid al-Adha?
What is the chemical compound with the lowest IDLH whose has part is nitrogen?
Which drug is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What are the road bridge which start with the letter v
Which tributary of the Ussuri River flows to the right?
What is anatomical branch of bronchus?
Which disease does Daniel Wayne Smith's son suffer from?
What is the attendee that participated in Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004?
Oscar Niemeyer died in Rio de Janeiro, which is located in what country?
Who was the member of John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, proceeded in Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities?
Where was the royal house of life partner of Stephen Tennant?
What is the next job holder in West Germany that is a member of an Asian Development Bank?
What is Rabies medical treatment and the health specialty?
The Dreamers' was originally written in the language of what state?
What painting depicts Barack Obama
Which aircraft family has the highest glide ratio?
Where did Professor Mohammad Mosaddegh of the University of Paris go to school?
What is the ortholog of AVP?
What is the Zero-marking language that starts with letter I?
Give me the countable set with the lower limit?
Is Etruschi the city of culture?
Which super cultural area starts with the letter m?
Who preceded chairwoman Michael Aresco in the Big East Conference in 2013?
Who is the child of Walter Raleigh?
Tell me me a Norse deity whose name consist of the word tyr and whose worshipped by Norse mythology
what party does mauricio marci like
Name a theater in Russia that performs in Russian.
who tributary of portrait of barge haulers on the volga?
What what is high speed train track gauge BY 1435 mm track gauge that starts with LETTERS V
Which award was received by Pieter van den Hoogenband for participating in Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's 100 metre freestyle?
Mention the person responsible for heading the chairperson-ship of Social Democratic Party of Germany
who found the Jio parent agency?
What job does Jean-Antoine-Nicolas de Caritat de Condorcet have and when did he retire?
What was amended by the Treaty of Lisbon?
When did studio album for language of work or name of English?
What is girlfriend of music b The Globalist?
What is Robert Mugabe's religion and citizenship?
Who holds position of position holder of emir of afghanistan?
Who is developer of quicksort, which has doctoral student is Augusto Sampaio?
What is the ranking of Russia at the FIFA World Cup?
Which meansvictory at the Wimbledon Championships?
Who is the pharmaceutical product for has active ingredient of hydrogen peroxide
Tell me about Yuri Gagarin's spaceflight.
Which countries were involved in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
The story Hamilton, based on Alexander Hamilton, was written by what author?
Who plays the character Michael Myers in the movie Halloween?
What is the physical phenomenon measured by inertial mass that tsarts with letter I
What subject is the inverse of functional programming?
Tell me which logographic writing system is used by the Japanese.
Who gave theco-founder of software publisher of The Fall of Kelvin Walker: A Fable of the Sixties?
What are the municipal corporation in india which start with the letter n
What is the male toponyym of Lorentz's trasnformation?
Which is the bibliographic citation mentioned by Ayumi?
Which administrative centre of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia?
When did member of sports team of Rabah Madjer and number of points/goals/set scored?
Which is the pharmaceutical product for the active ingredient of caffeine?
Tell me schism whose name has the word schism in it.
In Wikipedia's vital articles, what is the common name on the focus list of Wikimedia project's with the minimum heart rate?
Who was member of the board of the directors and developer of Mac OS?
Who is the secretary general for Christian Democratic Union?
What periodization contains the word wilhelmine in its name?
Tell me flux whose name has the word flux in it.
For what type of participation did Mark spitz received Olympic bronze medal award?
When did urban municipality of Germany for twinned administrative body of Leeds?
Who replaced Louis XII of France as the King of France?
How many points/goals were scored by Zinedine Zidane?
what is the
which professorship of Isaac Newton?
Who gave the diplomatic relation of citizenship of Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne?
What is the life stance of Margaret Thatcher, whose headquarters is Church House, Westminster?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Who is nominee for of Jonny Wilkinson, which prizewinner is Michael Owen?
What is the name of the church where Kollegah works that has Wilhelm Von Becker as senior pastor?
Who discover (or invented) the Electron and who was the Electron named for?
Which is original network for ARD?
Tell me about the lyrics of Billie Holiday's song?
What type of vehicle is ordered for use by Queen Elizabeth?
What is the title of the TV movie based on The Count of Monte Cristo?
What is the group of associated people and the geography of the Houston topic?
Which language is no longer spoken from the Hildegard of Bingen?
Tell me the national sports team whose name contains the word team?
What turquoise solvent is the most refractive?
Which architect represents Taipel 101?
What is the denomination of the accused of Yemeni Civil War?
What Academy Awards has Quentin Tarantino been nominated for?
Thursday originates from Thor, which originates from what language?
What is the Spotify broadcasting language which has a regulatory body in the Institute of the Czech Language?
who is the elizate for shares border with of bilbao?
What type of people would compete in a marathon.
What academic major is a facet of the history of mathematics?
Where did Hans Asperger die that is located near Simmering?
Why did the Philippine-American War end?
What are the films of Hayao Miyazaki?
Who replaced Charles I as monarch of England?
What are the Indigenous peoples of the United States which start with the letter y
Who was a student of Maurice Ravel?
What is a song by the band No Quarter?
What is the main subgroup in Islam religion?
WHICH IS THE ARTISTIC TYPE THAT STARTS WITH V
what is the silent short film with the highest duration?
What is written in The Interpretation of Dreams who is a male.
Which is the constitutional republic with the MAX(Gini coefficient) whom diplomatic relation is Russia?
What organization operates BMX races?
What award did Nadia Comăneci receive for her participation at the 1976 Summer Olympics?
Who is the municipal council for legislative body of Paris?
Tell me an human who may be fictional whose name starts with the letter č
Which is the open period for Friday?
which academy that contains the word university in their name
Who discovered Iodine and where did they discover it?
Who is a member of Leontien Van Moorsel and their start time?
Tell me the occupational carcinogen that has a safety classification and labelling as Regulation (EC) No. 1272/2008 whose name contains the word benzene?
Which is treatment murder method of Ted Hughes?
Which is the amusement ride for presenting Ellen DeGeneres?
which river has the steepest tributary
What is gender of non-binary?
What award did the short story Flowers for Algernon receive?
What is the first name of John J. Pershing, which means the same as the name Loann?
Name a song produced by Quincy Jones that starts with letter W
WHICH IS THE MARITIME MUSEUM WITH THE MOST LUMINOUS INTENSITY
What is the language used by A. E. van Vogt, that is endemic to England?
What is the anatomical branch of the adrenal gland artery?
Which is the foundational text for Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel?
What is the name of Thomas Jefferson's residence?
Name a space station that starts with letter S
What Tel Aviv partner town is the place of formation of Sinopec?
Where did Rajinikanth and spouse Latha Rajinikanth get married and at which time?
What is the source location of the group Megadeth, that has a border to Pasadena?
What is the type of music of the music by of Beethoven's piano sonatas?
What is the town with min male population located in the administrative territorial entity Tasmania?
Where was Satoshi Urushihara born?
What characters are mentioned in Death: The Time of Your Life?
WHERE IS THE HQ LOCATION OF IZZY ASPER PARTY MEMBER?
who language family for writing system of traditional Chinese characters?
What NFPA-listed chemical compound has the most potential to contribute to global warming?
What are the categories of films and associated people shot in this location in Honolulu?
What is the award of Ken Thompson, the prizewinner of which is Arnold Orville Beckman?
What human biblical figure starts with the letter z?
Which board game that practiced by backgammon player and which that starts with the letter b
Which team is Ryan Giggs a member of
What is the the capital city of the state where you can find Sam Dale Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area?
What 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with an Englebert racing tire had the least number of laps?
Which country Paul von Hindenburg was the head of state of?
What are the painting movement which start with the letter v
What is constructed out of portrait of Brothel Scene?
Where in New York did George Balanchine die?
What are the hot spring which start with the letter m
Which are the characters for La Malinche?
What are Julie Andrews spouse's and child's names?
who major works of coined of rubik’s tangle?
what is less than gas
What is aircraft operated of managed by mortar?
what is the flag of Dominica?
What city was Muhammad Ali Jinnah buried in?
What medical specialty of gangrene is a result of genetic disease?
What country shares a border with Northern Territory and is along the 26th parallel south?
What is the key event of the terminating connection of Britz Canal?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
To which sports team is Roberto Carlos a member and how many matches has he played?
What is the different than of waltz, with the movie director of Norbert ter Hall?
Which is the history of languages spoken, written, or signed by Umar ibn Al-Khattāb?
Which is the language that is influenced by English?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
Who is Andre Agassi's spouse?
What is the health specialty and the genetic association of Dyslexia?
Name a modern language that contain the word  russian in its name
What is the official language of Indonesia?
What is in conflict in the narrative of The Hall of Presidents?
What are the temple which start with the letter ġgantija
What is the sainthood status of Hagia Sophia?
What comes before the anti-particle of antideuterium?
What is the diplomatic relation the location in Histories?
Where is the country of origin and the location of formation of Van_Halen?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
What recurring sporting event did Lance Armstrong participate in?
Who is the voice actor for Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Stikes Back
What is the discipline of the advisor of Joseph Malegue?
Who did Steve Bannon work for during the 2016 United States presidential election?
Tell me the name of a noble family that starts with the letter ü.
What was Hillary Clinton a student of and what is her academic degree?
What is located in the state of Idaho that has diplomatic relations with Dominica?
Who is the human for influenced by of J. Robert Oppenheimer
What sports team and position did Bobby Moore play for, and how did he die?
Whats the filming location of Thane?
Lagos is located in what time zone and had what category of films shot at this location?
Is the grammatical gender of Georges Cziffra male?
What are the deductive language which start with the letter p
Rosalind Russel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for what work?
Which is people or cargo transported of people?
Who is chef-lieu of the sub item of history of West Virginia?
Glenn Greenwald works for what magazine?
Francisco de Mirandad held what place?
Who was Clark Gable's father?
Mention the citizenship of Czechoslovakia
Which is language read of Inigo Jones, that has role model is French?
WHAT IS THE IMPACT CRATER WITH THE MAXIMUM DIAMETER
Which position in the Russian presidential referendum 1991 had the lowest age of candidacy?
where did Vladimir Putin study and get academic degree?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
whats the occupation of the members of Coen brothers?
Which is the Australian Classification for Team Fortress 2?
What is the position held by Hammurabi who replaces Sin-Muballit?
Tell me civilization whose name has the word vandals in it.
What is the next steel bridge crossing upstream of London Bridge?
Which municipality in Sweden has maximum liabilities?
What type of student role model is Octavian Angheluta?
what are studio album starts with the letter w
who cat films shot of birth city of stanisława przybyszewska?
Who is the first described member or NGC 5548?
What statement was the subject of Bernard Herrmann's nomination at the 14th Academy Awards?
Which is the ammunition for Minigun?
What are the pseudovector which start with the letter angular
What king of Antigua and Barbuda was awarded the the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia?
Which is the origin of the watercourse of Aconcagua?
What is Ottawa's border town for shares?
What positions does the United Nations General Assembly appoint?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
Which association and team does Lionel Messi play for?
What award did Carl Osburn win for shooting the men's 100 metre team running deer, single shots at the 1920 Summer Olympics?
What is the label of Exile on Main St., that was co-founded by Nik Powell?
What subatomic particle has the highest decay width?
What characters are from the fork of the Beatrice Addressing Dante from the Car?
What are the republic which start with the letter zimbabwe
What are the film studio which start with the letter studios
What is in the category of Pakistan?
Which ice hockey team season has the highest number of points/goals conceded?
Name a colonial empire that starts with the letter I
When did spouse of Faye Dunaway and start time?
what is the isotope of tin has the highest spin quantum number?
What was the academic major of Larry Page who was educated at Stanford University?
What is the method of determining the form of lung cancer associated with gene MTMR3?
who is the markup language for based on of HTML5?
Where is deathplace of Robert Knox, which has partner city is New Delhi?
What is the founder builder of Lancashier Witch?
which aircraft model with the lowest takeoff roll whose instance is airrcraft model?
Where is the position of office held by head of the organisation of World Trade Organization
What award did Andy Lau receive for A Simple Life?
Which city is the capital of Maurya Empire?
What is the operating system for PlayStation 3?
How was the time period of early middle ages?
Which twinned administrative body is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belfast?
What is the location of Edmonton
Name the chinese character with grade 4 kanji
WHICH IS THE MYTHICAL CREATURE THAT STARTS WITH S
Who is the spouse, and what position does Derek Jeter play in?
What is a Tigers main food source?
What framework and programming language are used in Skype?
Who is Akbar's father?
Which chemical compound has the highest acceptable daily intake?
Which is the dynasty of the country of the Roman Empire?
Who is the son written by Devi?
What organization is a subsidiary of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development?
Who is the author of Things Fall Apart
What award did Marvin Hamlisch win at the 46th Academy Awards?
Who is the Governor of Jersey that has Queen Elizabeth as their mother.
Tell me the Hindu deity that has armament in Trishula and contains the word shiva in it's name?
What city is twinned to Los Angeles and contains the word  Vancouver in its name
what is the wife of the tribute to of Eanna?
What is the middle name of Jim Ward that is similar to that of Yakub?
Which is medical specialty of anxiety disorder, whiose has proponent is psychotherapist?
Which teams did Lee Roy Selmon play for that won championships?
What is academic field for culture of Italy?
Which is coat of arms for coat of arms?
Which dependency located in Norway has the shortest coastline?
Tell me virtue whose name has the word wisdom in it.
tell me stock market crash that contains the word market market in the name
which numeral system that starts with s
To which sovereign state and diplomatic relation does the Arab League belong?
What field of medicine studies pedophilia?
Name the psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that starts with letter O
Tell me stellar evolution whose name has the word kilonova in it.
what medical condition is treated with bupivacaine?
What venue of the Battle of Verdun is adjacent to Sivry-la-Perche?
Which film is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is the municipal corporation for the capital of Karnataka in India?
Which is the paramilitary that Heinrich Himmler was a manager or a director?
WHAT STUDENTS ARE IN GRYFFINDOR IN HARRY POTTER?
What female is Rob Reiner's sister?
What is the name of Suleiman the Magnificent's church?
What is the hometown of Thomas Pynchon and when did he live there?
Which is the political seat of the chairman of the International Association of Athletics Federations?
Who was the wife of Rollo?
Tell me military order whose name has the word saint in it.
What branch of the German army has a toponym of Beer Hall Putsch?
Who was Franz Schubert's student?
The antiparticle of an elementary particle is what premium particle?
Which stone bridge has the longest span?
What is the domain of memory?
Who is the commander of the air force?
In what territory was P. G. T. Beauregard born in St. Bernard Parish?
What recurring event is present in the language of Esperanto?
Tell me the dog breed that has Germany as country of origin and starts with the letter w?
Which people contains the word wuhuan in their name
Which is the literary work of the writer Dante Alighieri?
What is the sport with the maximum number of players from Papua New Guinea?
Who is the governor for the head of state of Tasmania?
Tell me about castle for commissioned by of William the Conqueror?
Who was the disciple and mentor of Wilhelm Grosz?
Who is responsible for legislating Seaview Range?
What is member crew for cosmonaut mission of Anatoly Berezovoy?
What are the depicts of The Starry Night?
Lady Gaga wrote the lyrics for which song?
Which music by Egmont describes the disease of Crohn's disease?
what is for wolverine has subject has role as title character?
Which has parts of the class of baryon?
Name the earthquake that showed a Mercalli scale of IX but had the least magnitude on the Richter scale?
What is the Commonwealth realm with the highest number of children out of school?
Who replaced Tiberius as Roman emperor?
Which is the natural reservoir for Pteropodidae?
Which country replaced Czechoslovakia?
Who is the gene for genetic association of hepatitis C
Who gave the has grammatical person of used language of Donald Pleasence?
What is the honor of George IV of the United Kingdom, which Philip the Good is co-founder?
What empire starts with the letter m?
What republic was the Indian Independence movement a significant event for?
What party did Sandra Stevens take part in?
Which is the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Armadillo?
Tell me the tungsten alloy that has an effect on tungsten carbide exposure and contains the word carbide in it's name?
Which is located in protected area for Loch Lomond?
Name the country with the most total exports, where Viktor Zubkov was Prime Minister?
What award did Meryl Streep receive for The Devil Wears Prada?
What country was Mercedes McCambridge of Joliet born in?
What was the album that Joni Mitchell won the Grammy for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for?
What is major event of participant event of Jim Clark?
Name a country where people speak english and that starts with letter z
What league is the team Ospreys in?
Which kind of music do sculptor Tikitotmoniki Totems?
What fleet is USAir Flight 5050 a part of?
Which skerry has the smallest focal height that is white?
What are the airliner which start with the letter eiríksson
What statement did Harold Prince deliver when he received the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical?
Give the highest attendance of the sports season?
In what neighborhood did Nikos Kazantzakis die?
What was Max Steiner nominated for in the 19th Academy Awards?
What are the type of spor which start with the letter waterskiing
Which is a medical treatment for cholera?
When was Henry V replaced by Lothair III as Holy Roman Emperor?
who is the court of bowers v.hardwick?
tel me war deity worshipped by religion of ancient Egypt starts with w
Which television series is Burt Reynolds in?
Who is publisher of Thickness-dependent leakage current of (polyvinylidene fluoride/lead titanate) pyroelectric detectors based track-list.
What is the location in or next to body of water and time zone of Nice?
What is the country of Abkhazia whose statement is disputed by Russia?
What honorary degree award was conforred to Albert II?
What is the sexually homologous and venous drainage of Clitoris?
What is the  academic degree  of  Bernhard Riemann  that is conferred by  Göttingen University ?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest electric dipole moment whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
What religion does the country of the Golden Horde follow
Which wiki with script conversion has the largest data size?
Show me provincial or territorial capital city in Canada that starts with y.
What is the border of Georgia that has the UTC-06:00 timezone?
Which religious affiliation of Qara Khitai is under the domain of Buddhist studies?
What is DRTL?
What is the category for employees of the organization and the member of of Yale_University?
Which civilisation of Norse mythology had theatre seasons on Viking Age?
Name a alternative version of Gospel of Matthew
What is the opposite of Atheism?
What specie physically interacts with acetylcholine?
Which naval artillery has the most effective firing range?
Where were the birthplaces of Nawab Bai's children?
What is field of exercise of publishing house has Rock 'N' Roll Comics?
Which is the agglutinative language for the official language of Achaemenid Empire?
What is the Mona Lisa's sovereign state?
Who is the son of the sibling of Freydís Eiríksdóttir
Name the think tank that spent the most money in the field of social policy.
What is the TV host of the copy of Berpacu Dalam Melodi?
In which barley wine contains the maximum of alcohol by volume?
Who is the event producer of the baseball World Series?
What is the name of the sequel to Are You Experienced?
Where is the Cleveland Stock Exchange located?
What sports team does Clarence Seedorf play for and how many matches did he play?
How is the criterion used for Symphony No. 5 different from Roll Over Beethoven?
What is signs of effect of acetic acid?
Who is service operator of aircraft carried of LATAM Brasil?
Where is the death place of Fedor Tokarev, which was divided into the Perovo District?
What town in Spain borders Bilbao?
What drugs react significantly with methadone?
Which edition of Othello is this?
Who rules the sport country of Mana Mamuwene?
Who replaced Malcolm Turnbull as the Leader of the Opposition of Australia?
Tell me literary character whose name has the word wu in it.
What is the reason for Eddie lzzard received an award as Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program?
Which cricket team containing the word Indian was headed by coach Mahela Jayawardene?
Which is the historical country of the diplomatic relation of Czechoslovakia?
Who are the alumni of the developer of Gregorian telescope?
tell me beer style starts with t
Which galaxy with the Eridanus constellation has the fastest radial velocity?
Who is the sculptor portrayed in mandolin?
Whichis protonym of King Quail, that has taxon parent is Tetrao?
Microbiology comes under which health specialty?
Which is the shopping day that starts with b?
Which is the day in year for periodic occurrence of the Chinese New Year?
Who is the director and director of photography of Spirited Away?
What is the home of Isaac?
What is a museum that displays art that begins with the letter 'W'?
Which is the taxon parent of the ingredient of squab?
What award did Robert. A. Heinlein receive for his work on Requiem?
Oleg Davydov played what instrument for what sport?
What is the diplomatic relation of the sovereign state of North China?
Who is the narrator and the characters of The_Catcher_in_the_Rye?
WhIch is medical specialty of genetic association of FUT2?
What was the political ideology of the KKK and where was its birthplace?
WHICH IS THE AIRCRAFT MODEL THAT CONTAINS THE WORD TU IN THEIR NAME
Who is the distributor of The Birth of a Nation?
where is the head of government and head of state of Kerala?
What was the top-level domain country code for the Soviet Union?
What is the Australian Classification category with the highest minimum age whose instance of is 15 rating?
What subject in the history of Missouri has its origins, or has shires, in Cape Girardeau County?
What country uses the currency of Japanese Yen?
Who has diplomatic relations with Journey?
Name a computer network protocol that contain the word  hypertext in its name
Which is the crystal system of an amorphous solid?
Which joint-stock company has the highest number of subscribers?
Which is the kingdom that had Christianity as official religion and starts with the letter k?
What is the played by of the before was of The Wiggles Movie Soundtrack?
What are the hot spring which start with the letter u
What is the gene for genetic association of major depressive disorder?
What does Bank of China own?
Name a sibling of Wonder Woman
What UK Country's electoral division has the minimum age?
What is Leslie Lamport's country of citizenship?
Which is the item operated for Hydroponics?
What is the subtopic in the economy of Japan with diplomatic relation with Afghanistan?
Who is thefilm for characters of Wyatt Earp
Which is the discovery method of Proxima Centauri b?
Who were the authors of Asymmetric coevolutionary networks facilitate biodiversity maintenance?
Who wrote the theme of the Bernstein Bears (1985 TV series)?
The executive branch of the Government of Islamic Republic of Iran is in what village of the Hormozgan Province?
What is the determination method for war?
Which has wards of stockholders of Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 18?
Which is the natural language which starts with the letter t?
Who gave the member of crew of of cosmonaut mission of Scott E. Parazynski?
A degree in the history of mathematics requires what academic discipline or degree?
For which work Jamie Foxx was nominated for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Who is the mayor of Sihanoukville's sister town?
Where is the death location coined by BL Lacertae?
What twin city was the location of János Kornai's death?
What town is near where Yi Sun-sin was born.
Name a communist party located at Pravda that starts with letter C
What religion resides in the history of Islam?
Who are the kids of Henry I of England, whose brother is Robert FitzEdith, Lord Okehampton?
Which is the conurbation for the capital of Empire of Japan?
what is the locomotive class has the highest boiler pressure?
Who operates the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and what is its powerplant?
Who is the taxon for parent taxon of fly agaric
What does the nominee of the Donald Allen Wollheim receive?
Tell me era whose name has the word zirconian in it.
Where was the contestant, Kiri born?
Who is affiliated with Yale University?
What thermal power station in Russia/the Soviet Union has the smallest capacity?
TELL ME TYPE OF BUSINESS ENTITY WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD STIFTUNG IN IT.
Which is the first appearance of Donkey Kong?
What is the Operating system named after of Unix?
Who is informed by the advisor of Ramesh Sitaraman?
What is the diplomatic relation that comes from screamo?
Which is the work location of Arab League?
What electoral district did Thomas Wakley as Member of the 12th Parliament of the United Kingdom hold?
Which directory service has the highest number of port?
Is the French economy the main topic of the Court of Cassation, the highest judicial authority?
What is the fastest race in the Velká pardubická?
Tell me warfare whose name has the word war in it
Tell me the astronomical observatory with the most observing time?
Tell me animation technique whose name has the word supermarionation in it.
What flammable gas with a safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response has the highest pKa?
Which phonological system is used by a facet of Hungarian?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
John Jay is in what position?
Which sport discipline does Abebe Bikila compete in?
Which is designated as terrorist by of Boko Haram?
WHo died in Venice?
What equipment is operated by the administrator of the B-52 Stratofortress?
What position was held by Daniel Webster after he replaced John Middleton Clayton?
Which is the capitol building that Thomas Jefferson was the architect for?
Who are the writers mentioned in Bertie the Bus?
What was the royal of the noble rank of the head of state in the Roman Empire?
Which is the historical country that replaced the Ottoman Empire?
Where was Barbra Streisand born and where was she formed?
Where is the resting place of Joseph when referring to the history of Egypt?
Which is the university and college sports club that is represented by Georgetown University?
What was Saul Bellow nominated for on his work on Humboldt's Gift?
Thiruvananthapuram was the capital of what state?
Where did Muhammad Iqbal earn their Bachelor of Arts degree?
What is the Old English dialects dialect?
What disease has the shortest incubation period in humans?
Which is the quantum particle with the MAX (g-factor) which is different from neutronium?
What language does Ranveer Singh speak, and what award have they received?
For what position did Sidney Blumenthal replace George Stephanopoulos?
What is in the village that David Summer worked at?
Who is the author of Good King Wenceslas and has an education at Trinity College?
what is model of Naomi Parker Fraley?
When did member of sports team of John Charles and number of matches played?
What is the member of the political party and sports team of Andre Agassi?
What is the nationality of and diplomatic relation to Alan Dargin?
Which tablet computer has the largest memory capacity?
which type of medical test starts with the letter u
What is the name of the city that Nadezha Mandelstam died in, whose sister city is Vienna?
Who are rhe sons of Emperor Wu of Jin whose surname is Sima?
What is the political party of Altmarkkreis Salzwedel Governor?
What is the position and electoral district held by Malcolm Fraser?
tell me ice hockey team league National Hockey League starts with o
Who gave the academic subject of part of work of The Cdc14B-Cdh1-Plk1 axis controls the G2 DNA-damage-response checkpoint?
Tell me about the ring system of Jupiter?
What is the parent organisation of the label Wayfaring Sons?
What was the incident that involved record producer, Marma Veeran?
Who is the record producer of It Hurts Me Too?
What is libretto by Das Rheingold, which has a famous book called the Lohengrin?
Space Invaders is the developer of which video game?
Name a character created by Marvel Comics that contains the word wolverine  in its name
Which is the posthumous work that was the notable work of Ludwig Wittgenstein?
who is executive producer of Bicycle Thieves?
What is the geotope with the lowest topographic isolation whose country is Germany?
Which archipelagic state has the highest inflation rate?
What is the name of the of the balloon-borne telescope with the largest wavelength?
What position was held by Benito Mussolini that was later replaced by Luigi Federzoni?
What is the son of the sister of Asim ibn Umar?
Who is the person in the head of the government of Rotterdam?
What is the genetic association for multiple sclerosis?
who subject of international law for office held by head of the organisation of United Nations Secretary-General?
Who is thedynasty for family of Rollo
What positions are help in the Achaemenid Empire?
whats the involvement of dutch east India company
What books are the Harry Potter movies based on?
What is the sister city of the Badminton World Federation in garrison?
What is the G-type main-sequence star for the parent astronomical body or Uranus?
Name a city in France that contains the word éguilly  in its name
What is the aircraft family of Airbus A320?
what is television in france of regulated
Who is the publisher for Julius Streicher?
Who employed Gavin McInnes as a contributor?
Where are the headquarters of World Trade Organization located?
What is the diplomatic relation of Ireland, that has people of Chinese Canadian?
Tell me logarithmic unit whose name has the word trit in it.
What is the dispute between Judea and the Samaria Area over the country of Israel?
which conglomerate has the highest net profit?
I need to know the Argonauts' position.
What has a capital next to Francia?
What is the wing configuration of a fixed-wing aircraft?
What sport is played for present at Harri Koskela?
What is the geography of topic for human geography?
What is the award that Daniel McFadden got with James Heckman?
Who is the leader of the Indian National Congress
Tell me whether Sodium chloride is instance of Chloride ion?
Which sports league is the Romain Inex team a part of?
What is the town sister of Minsk where country seat is Urban okrug Bryansk?
What role did Jack Palance receive an nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
Which country was Eldar Ryazanov born in as he was born in Samara?
what is geometric concept contains the word space in their name
What is the continent for the Eurovision Song Contest with a timezone of Europe/Athens?
What is The Adventures of Tintin's country of orgin and the language used?
Who is the human with the MIN(Erdős number) whose occupation is mathematician?
Which is the biological database for the location of Yale University?
Name the standard mainland China character in the Table of Jōyō kanji with the highest stroke count?
What is Robert Pattinson nominated for, because of his work in The Twilight Saga: New Moon?
Who is the head of government which office held by head of government of Brussels?
Who maintains the termini of Aomori Prefectural Road Route 241?
For what language is the Diary of Anne Frank called Diario?
Heinrich Schütz holds the seat for which county?
What is the office of Martin S James's work?
WHAT ARE THE USES OF SEISMIC WAVE
which sports season has the highest points awarded whose participating teams is adelaide football club?
Name a relativistic wave equation that contains the word  equation in its name
What is the capital of Helsinki that is located in the administrative territorial entity of the Russian Empire?
Give the name of galaxy with less apparent magnitude and was discovered by William Herschel?
What person who's a citizen of Romania has the highest EGF rating?
Which territory of Australia was replaced by the Northern Territory?
Vladimir Lenin is a member of which political party?
Which sports season organized by the Cyprus Football Association has the most participants?
Which online dictionary has the highest number of records?
Who is the theatre award for nominated for of Vanessa Redgrave
A marsh is what type of habitat?
Who is the nominee for Nirvana whose victor is Moby?
what is the class IIIA combustible liquid with the highest vapor pressure whose has part is chlorine?
Which is the chemical composition of drug used for treatment of Asthma?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Which is the infectious disease that has effect on bacteria?
For what was The Weekend nominated in at Kiss Land?
Which is the capital of place of death of Mahatma Gandhi?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What is the artery of the has anatomical branch of trachea?
Who appointed Robert F. Kennedy yo U.S. Attorney General?
What are the institution of the European Union which start with the letter s
Which tributary of the Neman River flows to the right?
Where is Jane Goodall's work located?
Give the largest block size of block cipher?
What is the name of the Head Quarter's location for the International Tennis Federation, that is the county seat for Great Britain?
Which island uses the language Norwegian?
What is on the shore of the Atlantic coastal plain with the Barranco de Tahodio tributary?
What is the genetic association of dental caries?
When did church building for patron saint of Anthony of Padua?
What writing system does Malayalam use?
What are the social skills which start with the letter s
Who is the role model of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow that is a member of Arte dei Medici e Speziali?
In the administrative territory of Volary, which Acer pseudoplatanus has the smallest perimeter?
Which of Charles Dickens' children is Alfred Lamert Dickens?
Who is the port city for narrative location of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
What is the biological phase for DNA replication?
What are Nigel Farage's political and religious views?
Which nomination did Geraldine Page receive for her work in You're a Big Boy Now?
What is FC Barcelona's parent club?
Where in Belgium is the headquarters of the Council of the European Union?
who is the elected in for David Lloyd George that has position held as Member of the 35th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
For what movie was Anne Baxter nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
When did Jane Goodall get married?
What did the software publisher Complete Psionic specialize in the field of action?
who type of quantum particle for discoverer or inventor of CERN?
Who is the central bank/issuer of Russian ruble?
WHICH IS THE PRIME NUMBER WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMERIC VALUE
What is on shore of Olympic Peninsula whose tributary is Maria Linda River?
Who is the architect for the Flatiron Building?
Which author of The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus, has a profession as an writer?
Which major did Kenneth Arrow achieve at Columbia University?
What kind of pet has the least frequency of audible sound?
What is the color of the rail line that connects to Elbbrücken?
What characters are part of the series called A Fish Called Selma?
What is diplomatic relation for sovereign state of Jabalpur?
What is educated at Gene Amdahl for theoretical physics?
Is the Location Of Death of Pius VI located in Saint-Marcel-lès-Valence?
What is Francis Bacon's native language.
Which sovereign state is located in the administrative territorial entity of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
What rugby team has the highest number of losses?
For what movie Alain Resnais was nominated to the César Award for Best Adaptation?
What W3C is recommended for the Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
Which is godmother of Camillo Benso di Cavour, whose craft is politician?
Which river is in the Zanzibar Archipelago, that has a tributary on the [Athi-Galana-Sabaki River?
Who is the sidekick of Superman
Name a scientist working in the microbiology field
What is the diplomatic relationship between Indonesia and Switzerland?
Which station comes next to Gare du Nord?
Which book is Hillary Clinton popular for?
Who gave the source of inspiration of characters of Les Misérables?
What is the sister town of the chef-lieu of the Qajar dynasty?
Who is the daughter of the co-founder of King's College London?
Who is the wife of the musical score by Freddie Freeloader?
What was the strongest earthquake ever in Taiwan?
What is the movement of the new religion Rajneesh
Who is the diplomat of Southwest China?
In what NY neighborhood was Charlie Sheen born?
What's the name of a type of dog with the word toy in its name?
Who is including my son?
Where was Arcadius,which has a member of the council of Europe,born?
Impressionism has what kind of movement?
which valley starts with v
Which is the position which is the next lower rank to the cardinal and that starts with p?
To whom did Anna Karina marry and when was this?
Which is tributary of next to lake of Spitsbergen?
Who is member of of land of Serie A?
What countries speak english?
Who is the business owner of ARM architecture?
What is the scientific discipline of the person who discovered the asteroid '(229760) 2007 RM225'?
What is the bilingual inscription of Egyptian hieroglyphs for writing system
Which carriers operate the Airbus A330?
Who is the asteroid for followed by of Pluto
Who was the head of the Inca Empire?
Which is the intended public of children's literature?
In the Star Wars universe, who is Princess Leia's child?
Who is Andriy Shevchenko's spouse and where did they get married?
What electoral district is Bob Hawke in and what is his position?
tell me alloy that name has the world zamak in it
What is the binary relation that contains the word subset in their name
What is the current translated edition of Tao Te Ching
What is the design of a Russian ruble?
What is the location of the Warsaw Pact HQ which has wards in the Yuzhnoye Butovo District?
What is the gender of Diana Ross, that is not a woman?
Which function is treatment of postoperative complications?
What is the emergency phone number for Liberia?
What is The Dean's Answer to The Rebus know for?
Which member of the county seat is with Yaounde?
what is honorific prefix for John Chrysostom?
who is the member and student of Quincy_Jones?
Who is the manager of Josh Taves's team?
Name a painting commisioned by Catholic Church
For what work was Kendrick Lamar nominated for at the BET Award for Best Collaboration?
Which is the record or record progression for decathlon?
What is the etymology of the Cooper pair that has a Nobel Prize in Physics nomination received?
Who has superpartner of muon?
What character did James Pickens play in Beverly Hills, 90210?
What is the name for someone who works in psychoanalysis
What is the name of a market structure that starts with the letter o.
Which is commissioned by Sears?
Who gave the head office location of graduated from of Lisa Harriton?
Who is thefor J's PhD student Oppenheimer Robert?
What binary F-type main-sequence star has the slowest stellar rotational velocity?
Which business is owned by the Empire State Building?
Who is via of Rio de la Pata?
What was Peter Fraser's job before being replaced by Walter Nash?
What record label released the albums of Eminem?
What is zenith of range for East Lake?
Who won the award for which Arthur Hunnicutt was nominated?
Name te football team that was coached by tite and that contains the word Brazil in its name
Which is the songwriter of the Symphony No.3?
who won by of honorary title of P. H. Newby?
Which company developed Skype?
What is the first name of this person James Hargreaves?
What is the name of the project affiliated with Harvard University?
What is the birthplace of the son of Louis IX of France?
What is the Abrahamic religion of the Jewish people?
which is the for work for Michelangelo Antonioni that has nominated for as National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director?
What is capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of treated by bleeding?
Where is the work location of Arturo Toscanini on Staten Island?
Who is the book for author of Cheryl Strayed
What are the programming language implementation that contains the word yarv in their name
What's the territorial entity and twinned administrative body of San Francisco?
What are the baseball teams that start with the letter A
What is the child astronomical body of Tau Ceti?
What is Abu Hanifa Dinawari's field of this profession of botany?
Which is the bicameral legislature for the legislative body of the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which essential medicine has the most surface tension?
What infectious disease has had the most cases?
Which tributary is outlet of Amazon?
Which work of Marlon Brando was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which is the production statistics of Champagne?
What is the Digital Rights Management system of Madden NFL?
who is the Christian chapel for patron saint of Anthony of Padua?
Name an alphabet based on Proto Sinitaic symbols that contains the word alpahabet in its name
Where is University of Colorado Boulder's administrative territorial entity?
Which is the incarnation of Shiva?
What is the name of the parent organisation of alliance of Abu Musab al-Zarqawir?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing because of their work in Saving Private Ryan?
What other award besides the Nobel Peace Prize did Shimon Peres receive?
What is the name of Neptune's moon?
Who influence of created by Eldarion?
What does sociology teach that's said to be the same as sex?
Tell me government agency whose name has the word yuan in it.
What are the private university which start with the letter university
Who edited Francisco Jimenez de Cisneros that was published at Alcala de Henares?
Which extinct language is the indigenous to the Khazars?
Name a magazine that has a minimal amount of readership?
What is given name of Lajos Tihanyi?
What drugs are used in the treatment of malaria?
Where was Rock Hudson born and buried?
What tributary is the watercourse outflow of Po?
What are the ballet which start with the letter terpsichore
What is affiliation for Rostock?
Who designed Fortran and won the Turing Award?
Name the successor of Tokhtamysh as Khan.
What Alabama capital city is associated with the category People from Tuscaloosa, Alabama?
Who is the awarded of Le Duc Tho whose champion is Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet?
Name the Japanese television drama on the Doraeman network with the least seasons?
Which country has the diplomatic relationship maintained with German Democratic Republic?
Which is the economic branch of the administrator of Waterfront?
What region of Veracruz is the member from?
Who is the version, edition, or translation for author of Salman Rushdie
Who is the voice actor for Jill Valentine?
What university starts with the letter u?
Name a crude drug in a monoclinic crystal form that starts with letter G
What gene is genetically associated with colorectal cancer
Which is the mountains classification of Chris Froome?
Which is the county seat for location of Lewis and Clark Expedition?
What business in the United States has the most registered users or contributors?
Who was the replacement of U Thant as UN Secretary-General?
Which is the city of the United States for the twinned administrative body of Lahore?
wHAT IS CABBAGE ETIMOLOGY OF OF OLYMPIC GAMES SEASON BEGINS?
Which federation has the largest Gini coefficient?
Tell me about socialist state for public holiday of Chinese New Year?
What is the board game with the highest number of minimum players?
who is the residence of rome?
what are the alloy which start with the letter z
What diplomatic relation for Taiwan is covered by the Netherlands-Taiwan relation?
Who designed the Metropolitan Railway A Class?
Who is the nominee for Celeste Holm whose winner is Beatrice Straight?
Who used tuberculosis as a murder weapon and was a sculptor of a pressure volume diagram?
Which group is healthiest according to Paulys Realenzykle?
Where was Pancho Vladigerov kept prisoner?
Which architecture firm of the California Academy of Sciences includes a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts?
What is executive branch of basin countries of Tigris?
What's Janet Jackson's lyrics song?
Which is the Filmfare Awards given to winner Anil Kapoor?
What is the legislature of a Mexican state with the lowest number of constituencies whose instance of is unicameral legislature?
What is the linguistic typology and status of UNESCO in the Spanish language?
WHICH REGULATES MOLECULAR BIOLOGY OF REGULATION OF GENE EXPRESSION
Who is the production designer of Alejandro Jodorowsky?
What's treated by or treats the disease of ether?
what time is it in uppsala?
What is the work of Jackie Chan who was awarded as Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor?
What does the mascot of Iron Maiden represent?
Which are the symphtoms of Alfred Deakin?
Explain me that mutant which contains the word of wraith in their own name
What is the dwarf planet with the lowest argument of periapsis whose instance of is asteroid?
Who's craft is a model that is Jay Chou's consort?
Who is the student of Luke Skywalker?
What country is Salman of Saudi Arabia a citizen of?
which is the owned by and subsidiary of British_Airways?
Which is the musical by the librettist Alan Jay Lerner that starts with the letter p?
What is it?
Enlist the cited series of Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back
What was the political party of Jefferson Davis?
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
Tell me mathematical notation whose name has the word schläfli in it.
What was St. George's religion and gender?
What is the name of the language that uses the Vatteluttu alphabet script and is used by the newspaper Dina Thanthi?
What is the subject of 'No One Left to Lie To: The Triangulations of William Jefferson Clinton' by Christopher Hitchens?
Tell me archaeological period whose name has the word stage in it.
Where did Joseph Pinetti, a member of the Central Asian Cooperation Organization (CACO), die?
Which former British-dominated country has the highest retirement age as found in the Jewish Encyclopedia of Brockhaus and Efron?
What is the highest position in the Kingdom of Mercia?
What is a cinematic technique that starts with the letter t.
Who is the contestant of the sequel of Superman IV: The Quest for Peace?
Where is the place of burial and the birthplace of James Arness?
What was Ruth Gordon nominated for at the 20th Academy Awards?
What does Jules Rimet play whose executive authority is FIFA?
What is the seat of team member Shohei Yamamoto?
What currency was used and where was the capital of the Roman Republic?
Which colours of team played for Cédric Moukouri?
Which ketone has the highest minimal lethal dose?
For what award was Terry Pratchett nominated?
What is the work of authors William Morris and Morris & Co.?
What was Warren Beatty nominated for in Heaven Can Wait?
Where was The Dark Side of the Moon was recorded?
What head of national government is in the town of Narmada?
For what work was Tennessee Williams nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
What software does MS-DOS use?
David Ben-Gurion was the signatory of which historical document?
Where did Maximilien Robespierre attend school and what was his major?
What is the working for Leonard Bernstein as Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
Who is the biggest musical influence of Needles?
What is the noble title of Louis II of Italy and who is he followed by?
Which is the crown colony of the British Empire that follows Hong Kong?
When did scholarly article for published in of Rolling Stone?
Who created the fictional universe of Doctor Doom?
What is the classification of the competition class in sports for the high jump?
Which is solved by the Schrödinger equation?
Who is the developer of C?
Where in South Carolina was Melvin Purvis buried?
What are theOlympic sport which start with the letter weightlifting
What domain is doctoral supervisor of Yurii Vladimirovich Egorov?
What is the position of Alvaro Uribe in Colombia
In what year was Breakfast at Tiffany's nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
What is the name of the twin city of Oscia de Sus where Jacques Anquetil was born?
Tell me holiday whose name has the word дан in it.
Hristo Stoichkov is member of which sports team and how many total matches he played?
What event in the Paralympic Games whose event producer chairman is Robert Steadward?
Whose wife has sons of Cecil Coward?
What are the khanate which start with the letter t
Which is a lifestyle of mysticism?
Which does not have part in air force?
Tell me sex whose name has the word organism in it.
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which termini is connected with Tokyo Metropolitan Road Route 418?
Tell me commandment whose name has the word tithe in it.
What is the native language of John Adams?
what is located in the administrative territorial entity for Huawei has headquarters location as Shenzhen?
What is a mathematical model that starts with the letter t.
Who is Imran Khan's significant other, whose gender is female?
What kind of alkanol uses vinegar?
Which is the position played on team or specialty for long-distance running?
Which is the aircraft family that it is operated by Qantas?
What is the etymology of Lenz's law, that has crafted the university teacher?
Which are the characters of the edition of La Divine Comédie?
Who is the ancestor of the record producer from The Thrill Chaser?
What are the nonprofit organization which start with the letter v
What is the name for the residence of Thomas Jefferson
What are the effects on one's health when dealing with Alcoholism?
Which are the plays of the record producer of Your Man?
Who is the subsidiary company make the maker My Little Pony?
What country does the Star-Spangled Banner originate from
Who is the service operator of the item Avianca?
Give me a mobile operating system, that starts with an alphabet 'w'.
Which city is the twinned administrative body of Cardiff?
Which sovereign states of the Panic of 1907 are boroughs.
Tell me natural language whose name has the word thai in it.
Who is buried at the cinematography of the Bright Eyes?
What airline does Air India belong to
What is the birth location of Barbara Liskov, the partner town is Tehran?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
What toponym is the pan flute named after, from the time and legend of Dryope?
Name the position held by Mieszko when he is replaced by Boleslaw I Chrobry?
Who is the son of Maria Lorenza Berreneche?
Which is the mtDNA haplogroup for Alexandra Fyodorovna?
What Academy of Science is Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz the director of?
Which is the death place in Hattie Jacques having a sister city of Buenos Aires?
Which is the professorship of theology?
What daughter has a brother of George Gould I?
What is the name of the mythical human-animal hybrid that was worshiped in Greek mythology that has the word Minotaur in its name?
Which is language of work of bey, whose typology is subject–object–verb language?
What is the name of an embankment dam that starts with the letter h.
Where was Alice Walker awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree?
What is the antonym of hypotension, which can be treated with esmolol?
who member of land of lashkar gah?
Tell me first-class city whose name has the word milwaukee in it.
Name an instruction set architecture that contain the word  x87 in its name
Which ballet was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
What type of music is developed by Monopoly Star Wars?
Who replaced Martin Ryle as Astronomer Royal?
What is the TV Show hosted by Jerry Springer that contains the word  jerry in its name?
In what region was Norman Bel Geddes born?
What is the place of burial and the place of death of Joseph_Smith?
What position of Pepin Herstal replaced Wulfoald?
WHICH IS THE ENERGY SOURCE OF REPLACED HAVRINGE UPPER LIGHT
Who is the Vidhan Sabha for executive body of Himachal Pradesh
Which meansopen period from onMonday?
What are the social skills which start with the letter w
What is the topic of law containing large numbers, that has scholarly field for it's data?
What is the name for the head of office in Barcelona?
Name a color model that contain the word hsv  in its name
:What city on the continent of North America is considered the twin town of Kraków?
Johann Schelle is the professor of what literary genre?
Who is the team manager of Manan Sharma plays?
Who is the artist of Saturday Fever: The Original Movie Sound Track whose discography link is Bee Gees discography link?
Tell me fundamental state of matter whose name has the word solid in it.
What is distribution for My Little Pony?
which is the location for Joseph Raymond McCarthy where educated at as primary school?
What is the chromosomal genetic association of a migraine?
Which German Citizen has the best personal score?
What is the national anthem of Nazi Germany?
Which bay of Valentia Island has the tributary Courantyne River?
what is position did Jose Sarney hold that was later taken over by Itamar Franco?
tell me social philosophy that starts with e
Which is the vehicle normally used for Railjet?
What is contains of working environment of Frederick II of Prussia?
What is the twin city of Leeds?
where is the industry and location of AVN_Award?
What is the atomic nucleus with the most sospin z-component whose follows is deuteron?
What kind of specialty doctor diagnoses schizotypal personality disorder?
What is the domain of unconformity which is associated with is geologist?
What is an interesting historical topic about Zambia?
What is a photographic technique which includes the word vignetting in the name
What Academy Award for Best Original Score was Georges Delerue nominated for?
Who replaced Isabel Martinez de Peron as the President of Argentina?
Give the name of the football tournament which has lowest score point in Uruguay?
Which Norwegian holiday commemorates the resurrection of Jesus?
What is Fedor_Emelianenko's member of sports team and the sport?
What is the twin town of Sakie Akiyama's birthplace?
Who is from Yes, and has a Ocean in the River Thames?
Which film director of Akira, has the first name Katsuhiro?
Is this taxon is source of goji?
What national historic trails in the country of the USA have the word trail in their name?
Tell me the name of a high-rise building designed by structural engineer Atkins, and which starts with a.
What did Jean-Luc Godard receive a Honorary Cesar award for?
Which uncle did a tribute to Christ Church?
What diplomatic relation of Mauritius was the location of Daniel Dunglas Home's death?
Is Ibn Taymiyyah's place of birth the country known as Harran?
Which subject has role and the significant drug interaction of Amphetamine?
Die Hard is the narrative location of what county seat?
Which is denomination of writers of Executive Order 3800?
For what Montgomery Clift nominated on the 24th Academy Awards?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word hydro in it.
What is in the category of Andrei Tupolev?
What is the occupation that both Coen brothers have?
Which bodies of water basin category of Peace River?
Who is the chairperson that is the member of the Football Association?
Which means location of formation at Apodaca?
Los Angeles is located in which county of California?
What is the union for the galaxy group or cluster?
What is the name of the painting that depicts Jesus Christ
What state of Sud Chicas Province is next to Tarapacá Region?
Which actor in The Godfather was educated at Hofstra University?
Mention the Wikimedia categorization related to the civilians of Manipur.
What type kinship is a son-in-law?
What is the participant and member of XI Jinping?
What derivative of platinum is named after Francis Louis Sperry?
What is a time of day that starts with the letter m.
Tell me mineral supergroup whose name has the word tourmalines in it.
What is the LSWR 177 class 2-4-0WT with the lowest number of cylinders whose instance of is LSWR 177 class 2-4-0WT?
Tell me time whose name has the word prehistory in it.
What is the leader of the nominee for of The Lavender Hill Mob?
Who played the role of wizard in the Harry Potter universe?
Kurdish people are of what ethnic group?
Which Orly attach had the lowest amount of deaths?
What is the Christian name for Peter Garrett, it is said to the same as Petelo
When did country for sport of Michael Schumacher and start time?
where is the head of government and head of state of Goa?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
Who is the human for spouse of Sean Hannity
What is the narrative location and genre of Hamlet?
What member of the board of directors developed the Mac OS X 10.1?
Tell me novella that starts with the letter t
What is the study of Kazimierz Nitsch's academic subject?
what is the life stance of Bantu People, that was established by Jesus Christ?
What would be the penalty of blasphemy?
Tell me criterion of similarity whose name has the word number in it.
Who is the daughter of Olivia de Havilland who has a craft in journalism?
How is RHO put together to form a Forward Strand?
What biological process is used for DNA replication
Who was Louis Pasteur main influence?
Can you tell me which dwarf planet with the largest argument of periapsis has a moon called Dysnomia?
What is the name of Ian Fleming's sister, whose language is English?
Who competed with Angela Merkel that also has agent Andreas Schwarz?
Who is the daughter of Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor, that has a brother named Agnes of Bavaria?
Which is the depositor for United Nations Secretary-General?
Which is wing configuration of A-10 Thunderbolt II?
Tell me what literary form has the word yuefu in it.
Which are the symptoms of intellectual disability?
Where did John Flynn, Minister of New South Wales, deceased at?
Which one is of the pasteurization?
Which is the constellation of Hercules?
What what is dead language has conjugation class Latin third conjungation and also which starts with letter i
Who is the judge of Nuremberg trials?
What is the name of the awards confered by Youtube?
What town does Game Informer come from?
Tell me city of the united states whose name has the word washington in it.
Flickr is depends on software?
Where is the administrative unit of architecture of India, whose administrative centre is New Delhi?
Dennis M. Ritchie developed which imperative programming language?
Who is theSCO summit for participant of of Alexander Lukashenko
Who studies professional canoeing?
What is the village of Ukraine with the maximum elevation above sea level whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Staryi Sambir Raion?
What is the name of the writing system of traditional Chinese characters?
Name a kingdom where Romanian is spoken
Which is the tributary over the Pont Neuf?
Which spacecraft Alan Shepard used in his astronaut mission?
What is the name of All_in_the_Family?
Which locomotive has the most cylinders?
What was created in the headquarters of Dream Theater?
Tell me religious belief whose name has the word pacha in it.
What is the age of the oldest person to have an award?
How should you administer toluene?
What position in public office did Joko Widodo hold?
Alan Shearer is the member of what secondary national association football team?
who sister city of location born of Shawn Stasiak?
Which planet orbits Io?
Name a concept studied by sociology that starts with letter S
What is the cation with the lowest isospin z-component whose instance of is cation?
Which kinship has the strongest family relationship degree?
Mention the superhero character played in X-Men
What was Thomas Steed's job?
Which muscle insertion is use over the rib?
What is the location of death of Antonio Canova, whose category of associated people is the Category: People of Venice?
What is it?
Which road leads to Seville?
Which works of Emma Watson have a Category II Filmiroda rating?
What is the flag crest of the state in which Lake Winnebago is located?
Where is Messier in the galaxy?
What was Edith Head statement received as Academy Award for Best Costume Design, Black-and-White?
What is the main food source and the locomotion means of Orangutan?
What is Charles and Ray Eames recognition title who is the titleholder of E. Fay Jones?
What arrondissement is the Waikato Region, the highest judicial authority in the Supreme Court of New Zealand?
What is the maximum lifetime of isotope of neutronium?
WHO IS THE POLITICAL LEADER OF ROBERT BORRIE?
What position did Benedict XVI hold, and who was his successor?
What award did Rakhee Gulzar receive for his work on Tapasya?
What language was spoken by Nathaniel Hawthorne that has a grammatical person in the third-person neuter singular?
Who is the characters Bowser as it is shown?
At what university did Newt Gingrich receive his Doctor of Philosophy degree?
WHICH IS THE F TYPE ,AON SEQUENCE WITH THE MOST ABOLUTE MAGNITUDE
What is the region of the Battle of Leipzig whose partner town is Lyon?
What are the social philosophy which start with the letter eugenics
What Uranus moon was developed by David C. Jewitt?
What network uses Internet Protocol version 4
Which musician of Deck the Hallas awarded the nomination for MTV Video Music Award in Online Artist catagory?
What is in the manifestation of Sleeping Beauty?
Who is thefilm for distributor of 20th Century Fox
Who replaced Suharto as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
Nigel Farage was employed by whom and until when?
What is editor for Catherine II of Russia
Who is the chairman of the member of Gordon S. Wood?
what are the mineral species that contains the word zoisite in it
I want to know what are the stories of the languages of Sara Montiel?
Who is Joe Dimaggio's brother?
who is the father and child of Vince_McMahon?
Which is the religious text that follows the Exodus?
tell me hindu deity starts with y
Henry II of France wore what kind of plate armor?
Tell me about the dialects of Tagalog.
What did Leonhard Euler provide to the fields of mathematics and physics?
What is the diplomatic relation of the basin countries of the Black Sea?
WHICH IS THE POINT GROUP PG QUARTZ
What is position held of Constans II that is replaces of Heraklonas?
How many matches did Jock Stein play for what team?
Who performed the role of fictional human for Ben Affleck?
What star does Jupiter orbit?
Which automobile marque has the highest assets?
Name the mainland territorial place of Australia for substituting the Northern Territory
Tell me what human migration starts with the letter u.
what is input in work of captain hook?
Who invented the Hamiltonian mechanics that consisted the members of National Academy of Science?
What language does Miriam Makeba speak, that has a French influence?
What is fabrication method of The Ren & Stimpy Show?
What is the name of a data structure that starts with the letter t.
In the denomination of Sikhism, What is Martha's sainthood status?
Which is the original combination for Carcharocles megalodo?
which apple cultivar with highest shelf life?
Who is the mother of Herod the Great, who bore him as Herod Antipas?
Which book publishing company is owned by the University of Oxford?
Which artist precedes by Die, Die My Darling?
Which is award received of Kailash Satyarthi where statement is subject of is 2014 Nobel Peace Prize?
What was the daily newspaper for political alignment of Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What is the Wikimedia list page for The Thinker
Name a film from musical artist Jubileum Volume I?
What is the smallest length suspension bridge in the People's Republic of China?
who daughters of is daughter of Charles IV of Spain?
Name a country involved in Korean War
What is the Sparkassen Cup with the lowest prize money whose instance of is Sparkassen Cup?
Thomas Aquinas holds which position relating to his occupation?
What is Edward Snowden current job?
What works did the sculptor Ebenezer Scrooge do?
Who played the wife of Basil Fawlty?
Which is the color for white?
Where does Bern work at?
What was the attempted murder method used against Henry Clay Frick?
WHO IS LTHE FOUNDER OF SHAPUR II DYNASTY?
Who received the X-Men top dog nomination?
What astronaut mission of human spaceflight did Christa McAuliffe do?
Which word in the Bede language has a masculine gender language expression?
What is Boléro dedicated to?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Which is the record label as the record label for Linda Perry?
What are the components of the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which is the genetic association of the murder method of José Ferrer?
Who is the CEO of ExxonMobil?
Which is the death place of Bjornstjerne Bjornson, that has local government areas in 11th arrondissement of paris?
When did position held of Charles Stewart Parnell and elected in?
Which part of constellation orbits the Djorgovski 1?
Which is the gene that encodes the Insulin, isoform CRA_a and that contains the word ins in it's name?
What rank of taxon parent is the barn owl?
Mention the chemical composition of water's conjugate acid.
Who co-founded the journal that published the University panel faults cloning co-author?
Which is the automobile marque for the business division of Ford Motor Company?
What area of Northern England has the greatest number of imports?
What is the overall motif of the painting The Art Gallery of Jan Gildemeester Jansz?
WHICH IS THE TRIBUTARY OF OUTFLOW OF SENEGAL RIVER?
Name the island closest to the river mouth.
Who is film crew member for Alan Menken?
Macauis located on what continent and in what country?
Who has children of actor The Counterfeit Traitor?
What is in the category of Global Positioning System?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the most fusion enthalpy?
What is used to make the product, Cessna Model A?
What is Andrei Tarkosvsky's cause of death, which included signs of weight loss?
What is namesake of Diffie–Hellman key exchange, which has prize awarded is Computer History Museum fellow?
Who is the leader of Mossad?
What is the alkane with the safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response and which has the word propane in its name?
which aircraft family has the lowest highest glide ration whose instance of is aircraft family?
What is the synonym name of found in species of vascular tissue?
What is the regulatory body of the signed language of Ramon Berenguer IV, Principe de Aragon y Count of Barcelona?
Is Andres Pastrana Arango the current holder of the presidency in Colombia?
What is the topic's main template for international trade?
What award did Ravi Shankar receive for The Concert for Bangladesh?
What is the etymology of Laplace transform whose place of death is Paris?
For what work did Dalton Trumbo receive the Academy Award for Best Story nomination?
Which is the time period of Menander I?
What are the national library which start with the letter library
What destroyer has the largest draft?
In what division of MLB is the team owned by Branch Rickey found?
What body of water is Warsaw near and in what is the time zone?
What are the sculptors of Patrick's Staycation/ Walking the Plankton?
Tell me a human who may be fictional that has the word cech in their name.
What is in the category of queue?
Name the water body comprised of the Paramaribo
At what summit did Donald Trump participate in?
Tell me a specialty that starts with the letter w.
Which quantum particle with the subclass of lepton has the fastest magnetic movement?
what is book of the bible starts with s
Which is the muscle origin for human mandible?
What is United States Secret Service Jurisdiction and the office held by the head of it?
What is the health specialty and medical examinations needed for Colorectal cancer?
Who was the sibling of Silvio Berlusconi?
who is investor of Lawrence Summers?
What is the country of origin and language of work of Catch-22?
What what is American football team home venue Soldier Field and also which starts with letter c
Who is the founder of Alexander McQueen?
What platform did whistleblower Julian Assange use?
what is the solid solution series of dolomite?
Tell me aspect of music whose name has the word phrase in it.
Christmas occurs on which day every year and by what is it then followed?
What are the studies of natural science?
What is the tributary of the bay of Santo Domingo?
What is the treatment and result of hepatitis?
Which metropolis did Aung San Suu Kyi live in?
What does the Avion represent in the context of the Georgetown University?
Who created Batman?
Tell me me a ethnic group whose name consist of the word sioux and whose language used Sioux
What award was bestowed upon Peter Scholze as a fellow?
where is located on island for extreme point highest of Cook Islands?
What is sports season of league or competition for college football?
Which means armament from grenade?
What is the geographic region with the highest number of out of school children whose part of is Asia?
Which is origin of the watercourse of Mittelland Canal?
What is the inverse of pleasure whose treatment is topiramate?
What is is in the Indian reserve of of Fujian, which has borders of Afghanistan?
What is the country with the highest median income whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Who was the winner of the Arlene Raven Award that was bestowed by the Women's Caucus for Art?
who archipelago for official language of norwegian?
Which is the evaluation of the pulse?
What are the signs of the afflictions of phosphine exposure?
What are the railroad line which start with the letter s
Name an free application written in PHP.
Which is the hymenium type of Shiitake mushroom?
Alan Shearer is a member of which sports team and how many matches did he play?
Whicn means parent of this hybrid, breed, or cultivar originated Oryza sativa?
What is Arminius' middle name in Latin script?
What circumstances caused Henry II of England to step down as monarch of England?
Which minor locality is the largest?
Septuagint is an edition of which literary work?
When did member of sports team of Andriy Shevchenko and number of matches played?
What is the group of chemical substances with the lowest ultimate tensile strength whose topic's main category is Category:Nylon?
What was the award received by Peter Carey for work in the Miles Franklin Litererary Award?
What was Scott Rudin nominated for for his role on The Social Network?
What is the subitem of the history of Indiana that is bordered by the state of Michigan?
What position held by Fritz Lang was succeeded by Olivia de Havilland?
Tell me hypothesis whose name has the word substratum in it.
What is the medical treatment and the symptoms of Ebola_virus_disease?
Which stratovolcano has the most topographic prominence?
What are the notable books of Francis Ford Coppola that has received nomination in Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
Name the inventor of deuterium who worked at Columbia University.
What are the flim production company which start with the letter t
What type of topic is based in Watsons, Ontario?
Jim Henson was the director of which film?
What type of quantum particle is a photon?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
What is the language official for Caucasian Albania , that comes before Persian?
Who is the co-driver for Sébastien Ogier?
Which chemical compound has the highest global-warming potential?
Which is the unity of energy that contains the word zettajoule in it's name?
The conjugate acid of ammonia has what chemical compound?
Which London District Line staion has the least number of passengers
What is the administrative region of William M. Bass?
Where is the burial place of Anthony of Padua?
What is the administrative centre of the Kingdom of Pontus?
Tell me the name of armed forces which starts with w
Which constellation includes the star NGC 6723?
Landon Donovan belongs to which sports team and how many matches did he play for them?
What disease was treated with niacin that was used for treatment of cerivastatin?
What is the main activity of Harman International Industries?
Which BAFTA award did David Fincher receive?
Tell me the version, edition or translation that starts with K.
What is the citizenship of Henry Cavendish whose end cause is Acts of Union 1800?
What is the name of the United Methodist Church's cemetary?
What illness did Lee Marvin die of which had symptoms including nausea?
Who replaced Jose Mujica as President pro tempore of the Union of South American Nations?
What is the conjugate acid of nitric acid?
What oath did Aleksandr Medved make?
Who is the diplomatic relations citizen of Kitty Wells
What agent participated in the conflict of Lajos Morocz?
What type of destruction does a flood cause?
Give the type of quantum particle with the lowest gyromagnetic ratio which has weak interaction?
What is the shortest duration color film?
Which golf course with the highest par is in California?
Wade H. McCree replaced Robert Bork in which position?
What genre does David Blaine work in?
derive me that wikimedia set index article which starts with the letter t in it.
What is in the category of infrastructure?
What is the informed by of the film script by The Elevator?
What is the by-product of combustion?
Which is the outcome of using treatment for chemotherapy?
Give me the highest clock speed of chip on the system?
Name the ship that the Dutch East India Company manufactured?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
What is the headquarters of the International Hydrographic Organization that has mayor Serge Telle?
Who is the head coach of Arsenal F.C.?
Which boroughs was the birth place of Zhao Tuo?
What are the religious text which start with the letter tohorot
What are theartistic theme which start with the letter t
What group or class of chemicals has the greatest tensile strength?
Where was Constantine the Great born, and where did he die?
What is the award of Al Gore whose 1st place medalist is David Trimble?
In the Mauna Kea Observatories, which asteroid had the maximum radius?
Where is location born of Mark the Evangelist, which has timeline of topic is history of Palestine?
WHICH IS THE WEB SEARCH ENGINE THAT STARTS WITH Y
What is vehicle normally used for Convertible?
Who is Ferdinand II of Aragon's son-in-law?
What are the based on and the influenced by of Linux?
who is marry accused of Kirkorov vs Aroyan Scandal?
What award nomination did Nick Park receive for the 66th Academy Awards?
Which are the characters for Tosca?
What is the published in journal of the bibliographic citation of The Five Marks of the Mental.?
What is the first name of Jerzy Rubach, that is equivalent to the Gorch?
Where did the head of national government, Jan Dismas Zelenka, die?
How much did Richie McCaw score and what team did he play for?
name a child of Leif Erikson
Tell me the medication used for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder.
What genetic association with type I hypersensitivity has ortholog of abl2?
What is the same as a Christian?
What are the album which start with the letter w
What character in Lawrence of Arabia is played by Jack Hawkins?
What is the occupation of William Shakespeare?
Which is the hair color for orange?
WHICH IS THE BOOK WITH MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTS OF A WORK OF ART
ASEAN is an organisation located in which area of the world?
Who has sons of son of of Fu Xi?
Which is the animation technique of the facet of 3D animation software and contains the word animation in it's name?
what career did newton Morton choice.
What is part of the administrative unit of Cascade Range, which includes the rural cities of Wahkiakum County?
Who is the anion for conjugate base of sulfate ion
With states of the Golyanovo District, what is the seat of the KGB?
Who is alma mater of music score by Holly Hobbie and Friends surprise Party?
What is the Haumea minor planet group?
Conjugate base of sulfate ion?
Which is the nation of Nineteen Eighty-Four for present work of the Nineteen Eighty-Four?
what is day in year for periodic occurrence for easter?
What was the statement subject of Jack Lemmon at the 35th Academy Awards?
Tell me about the river located in or next to body of water in Munich.
What was the epidemic in Sierra Leone that had the least number of cases?
What character in Ben-Hur was played by the voice actor Jean-Claude Michel?
What commandment starts with the letter t?
Who is the life partner of the brother Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd?
What are the signs that led to Aldrin?
What is the alphabet of Sumeria that has been discovered by Sumerians?
Tell me who translated the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus.
What is the notation of character encoding?
Amtrak operates which train service?
Name the tributary that flows form the harbour at Guangzhou
What is the rank of food made from artichoke?
What is the narrative time described by the work of William Weatherall Wilkins?
Which was the working place established by Eric Johnston?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
For what John O.Aalberg was nominated for in It's a Wonderful Life?
What books did Charles Dickens write?
Which is the location of birth of Irina Slutskaya, that have event of death by burning?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What is Assam's legislative and executive body?
What is the literary work that stars The Cider House Rules?
What is the trend studied by Dardanus of Athens?
Which greek deity appears as Artemis
What actor in Downtown Abbey is of male gender?
Who is the first minister of Hama?
which railway company in transport have least operating income?
What is Judaism?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
What is the material developed by McAfee VirusScan?
Where did Akhenaten die?
where is the country and the continent of brussels?
Which sociolect is a dialect of British English?
What is the dredger with the highest payload mass?
What is the post of Clement Attlee and when he was sworn in?
Tell me the road bridge which contains the word viaduct in it's name?
What country in the Western Hemisphere has a village named Ingeniero Moneta?
What is the oxide relation to MIN(heat capacity) whose permanent duplicated item is ERROR1?
What county seat of Lilongwe is divided into the Lilongwe District?
Who is the legal case for defendant of Bill Cosby
What award was Marisa Tomei nominated for on her work Before the Devil Knows You're Dead?
What is the Wii Remote input method extension for Wii?
Which is the sovereign state for the history topic of Australia?
What is the next of middle age whose period is List of the verified oldest people?
Tell me non-metropolitan county whose name has the word worcestershire in it.
What are the first aid measures for mercury poisoning?
Who was Max Planck's assistant?
Which Jade Emperor that married Nuwa had a child?
Which is the tributary for Euphrates?
Where are Attila's place of birth and place of death?
What is the human with the highest Elo rating whose sport is chess?
Who are the founders of Symantec, that have the surname Hendrix?
What is the name of a government agency that starts with the letter y.
Who is the candidate present with Tatiana Tarasova?
Name an alcohol that contains the word ether in its name
Tell me the historic county of England of the capital of Norwich and that contains the word norfolk in it's name?
What's part of the I Second That Emotion series dubbed?
What kingdom starts with the letter z?
What team is Dino Zoff a member of and how many matches has he played?
Name a film David Spade voice acted in.
Tell me a private university whose name consist of the word university and whose scholarly publishing and academic resources coalition
What is the birth place of John Perry Barlow?
which office building has the highest floors below ground?
What was the dialect used in the original The Last Blood.
What is the opening day of the school attended by Louis Brassin?
Which is the PEGI rating for Wii Sports?
What are the Bantu languages which start with the letter zulu
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest ceiling exposure limit?
What is the first name of Channing Tatum that is the same as Matthias?
VAT rate of 27%,
What taxon do watermelons belong to?
What is the terminus of the Menai Bridge
What was the award received by Lee Marvin for his work in Cat Ballou?
Who is the person that is depicted as Mona Lisa?
What are the season which start with the letter w
Tell me the citation of Childhood obesity: are we all speaking the same language?.
What are the  replacements  for  Mohammad Mosaddegh  as  Prime Minister of Iran ?
What is the prefecture of Japan that contains administrative territorial entity of Osaka
What position does Pius VII hold?
What's the most common type of paper?
Where can beryllium be found, that has diplomatic relation in Romania?
What place is bordered by the kingdom of Castile, whose official language is Spanish?
How long it the Jurassic Park game take to complete?
Which is the parent astronomical body for Beta Pictoris?
In the specialism of Astronomy, who discovered NGC 6302?
WHICH IS THE SUBSIDIARY COMPANY OF SHAREHOLDER IN THE ECONOMIST INTELLIGENCE UNIT
What is the legal state with the lowest VAT-rate whose head of state is Horst Köhler?
Who gave theacademic discipline of mentor of Hermann Lotze?
What is the name of the film starring an actor from The Big Lebowski and has received awards from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts?
In the languages of expression of Cormac McCarthy which cases are known as the genitive case?
What song is Andrew Lloyd Webber the composer of?
Which taxon has the largest basic reproduction number?
Which is the possible medical findings of hypertension?
What is the anatomically connects with the esophagus
Who is is in the village of of borders of Terni?
Which cast member from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy played the role of Ford Prefect?
What is the featured work of loyalty by Cu Chulainn?
Who died in Francois Villon, which has diplomatic relation with Germany?
The Maurya Empire covered which modern-day countries?
What did the workplace of Billy Hill and Hillbillies make?
What depicts a sauna?
What is award received from Henrik Pontoppidan that is together with is Karl Adolph Gjellerup?
Tell me Class II combustible liquid whose name has the word toluene in it.
Which is the place of work of August Sander that has executive power headed by Ernst Schwering?
Tell me revolution which contains the word o revolution in their own name
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
Who is the family and father of Rollo?
Who wrote the novel known for politics and the English language, 1984?
What is the diplomatic relation of the land of Ujjain?
Which is the Commonwealth realm for the anthem of God Save the Queen?
what is the biggest village that belongs to muchinigi puttu
what is branch of biology that starts with z
Who is the chairperson of the U.S. Department of State?
Which is the gene for the genetic association of schizophrenia?
Tell me vocal group whose name has the word willows in it.
What editions of the content license are PLoS ONE?
Where does the holder of the position of Lech Kaczynski live?
What was Maggie Cheung's statement of subject when she was nominated for the Cesar Award for Best Actress?
Name the most used railroad run by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority?
What film series does Plane Daffy star in?
Who is the author and publisher of Grand Theft Auto V?
WHO APPEARS TO BE THE MOVIE DIRECTOR OF THEODOROS ANGELOPOULOS?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
Who replaced Humayun as the emperor of the Munghal empire?
Which tank locomotive has the highest number of cylinders with a 0-4-OT wheel arrangement?
What is the source of taxon for opium
What group founded UNICEF?
What is the coral whose rank is class?
Who is the person that was a student of Ivan Pavlov?
Which sister has kids of John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer?
Which chemical compound has the highest standard enthalpy of formation?
What are signs of mercury poisoning as a result of using butabarbital for treatment?
Which is the metalanguage which HTML5 is based on?
Which deity of Kami has the influence of Koshintō.
What is the location of Raging Bull, that has been divided into Washtenaw County?
tell me literary genre union of list values as qualifiers starts with f
Who is creator Criss Angel?
Where in Massachusetts did Samuel P. Huntington die?
Who operates the railway line of 36th Street?
Who is students of painters Elisabeth Vilhelmine Juel?
What is canonization status of the saint ?
Name a part of a plant that contain the word veil  in its name
WHAT ARE THE WORK OF INCUMBENT OF CHIEF OFFICIAL WHITE HOUSE PHOTOGRAPHER?
What are the stratus which start with the letter s
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest fusion enthalpy whose instance of is Class IB flammable liquid?
When is the 2006-2007 one-year-period? And what is the minimum size of the team?
What is in the administrative unit of Imo State, specifically the one who's capital city is Lagos?
Which is the coat of arms for the coat of arms of Valencia?
What awards has Gene Wolfe received?
Who are the carries for the Confederation Bridge?
How many matches has Rinus Michels played?
What county seat of N'Djamena contains the villages of the Kanem Region?
What are the animated series that executive producer Ken Keeler and which contains the word futurama in their name
Mayor John Purroy Mitchel is the mayor of what place which is also the deathplace of William Magear Tweed?
What GSRR rating did World of Warcraft get?
Which region of Zealand is headed by Christopher of Bavaria?
Is Mexico subject to the Holy See-Mexico relations?
Who was born in Monterrey?
What award did Piero Gherardi receive when he scored 8 1/2?
What are the origins of lynching that were started in the Colony of Virginia?
Who is musician of sequel I Will Be Here?
Which American citizen has spent the least amount of time in space?
What are feature film which start with the letter t
Tell me atmospheric electricity whose name has the word ball in it.
Tell me Freedom suit whose name has the word dred in it
What is established by the Rurik dynasty that has been born in Europe?
What is the symbol and anthem of the EU?
Who was the student of John the Baptist?
What is Hepatitis health specialty and medical examinations?
What is the programming language used for JavaScript?
Whichs house of characters of Benvenuto Cellini?
Where in the Province of Milan was the county seat Claudio Abbado born?
What is Japan's diplomatic relationship with the jurisdiction of unconscionability?
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
The descriptions and figures of the Araneides of the United States are what consort of authors?
Tell me studio album whose name has the word wolf in it.
Which musical did Pete Townshend compose?
Who is the representative of the Arena Football League?
Which is an active ingredient of the alcoholic beverage?
what differs from heat that has a sub item of energy?
What is the maximum angular resolution of robotic telescope?
Bay Area Rapid Transit KML rank is what?
What president edited the Garcia Report?
When did Takeshi Inoue lose their employment?
What is the chemical compound with the least acceptable daily intake?
What medical condition is treated with Sodium Bicarbonate?
Whom did Janet Yellen got married to?
Which is the mythical dog that was killed by Heracles?
tell me chartered company starts with c
Which is the democratic republic that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
What type of government replaced the ruling of the thirteen colonies?
Who is the showrunner of Creeper?
Which is partially coincident with the web application?
who top dog of martha raye?
Who is the narrator of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What is the name of the artery that supplies the liver?
Tell me neighborhood whose name has zeitungsviertel in it.
What is Pantera's genre and record label?
What country includes the sovereign state of HOryu-ji?
Who founded International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement?
Name a City in France with many monuments that starts with letter L
Who is the composer and librettist for West Side Story?
Who is the rector of McGill University?
Who is the national anthem for anthem of European Union
What is the GUI toolkit or framework for Objective-C?
Who is Luigi's sidekick?
What was Mark Rylance awarded the BAFTA Best Actor Award for.
What is the Duke University's university and college sports club?
Who was Louis XVIII of France's doctor?
Name a city located next to the Rhine river that contains the word  mannheim in its name
Who is the actress in Cotton Comes to Harlem?
Where is the birthplace of Joseph Brodsky that is on the edge of the Bolshaya Neva River?
Who played Forrest Gump
Who are the parents of Aretha Franklin?
Name the disease that is treated with erythromycin
Give me the big city with the largest fiscal/tax revenue located in the region of Metro Manila.
TELL ME WHICH IS THE MONOTYPIC TAXON STARTS WITH T
What are some famous pieces composed by The Seasons?
Where did John Ruskin work and when did his work end?
For what subject did Beatrice Straight receive the 7th Tony Awards?
What are the thoracic disease which start with the letter s
What is the location of the place of death for Aleksis Kivi in the administrative territorial entity?
Which is the first edition?
Who built the seat of mastermind?
What are notation which start with the letter s
What academic major is Rani Mukherjee pursuing at SNTD Women's University?
Which musician created the album The Fragile?
What is Mira's type of variable star?
Which television series has the highest number of episodes?
What was the namesake for Bohr radius with a recognition title of Copley Medal?
Where is borders of Wuxi, which has sister city is Grenoble?
Who is the spouse of Lauryn Hill, that has craft who is a Canadian football player?
What are the series of creative works that starts with the letter s
tell me german nationalism starts with n
In which location Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff works at?
What is garrison in Commonwealth of Nations having category of associated people of Category:People from London?
For which state was Jefferson Davis the president?
What is the religion and gender of David Hasselhof?
Of which German district is Karl Steinhoff governor?
Who is the employer conservatory of Pyotr llyich Tchaikovsky?
What building has the least number of platform tracks located in Nuremberg?
Which is the parent club of the St. Louis Cardinals?
What are the city with millions of inhabitants which start with the letter v
What UCI Trade Team I does Bradley Wiggins play for?
Who is Filipp Yankovsky's child?
Who is the sibling and the child of Vlad_the_Impaler?
Tell the name of military museum with the highest number of visitors per year whose location is les invalides?
What is a dynasty that begins with the letter p?
In which country the city of Madrid is located?
What type of quantum particle is the antiparticle of an electon.
Who is the discoverer of the Iron Curtain and had political office held as the First Lord of the Admiralty?
Name a cryptocurrency that starts with letter B
What work did Jacques Tati do to receive a Jury Prize award?
What is the parent company of Bombardier Transportation
What is tributary on the shore of Lanzarote?
Tell me ethnoreligious group whose name has the word yazidis in it.
What is the name of the publishing house that published the journal of the Once-daily gentamicin administration for community-associated methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model: preliminary reports for the advantages for optimizing pharmacodynamic index?
Which South Australian House of Assembly by-election had the most ballots cast?
Which man founded LaVeyan Satanism?
Where is the grave that commemorates Ulysses S. Grant?
Who was the discoverer or inventor of the Trapezium Cluster, that worked in the physics field?
What is the private, not-for-profit school for the archives of Jefferson Davis?
What star does Pluto orbit?
Who builds the Airbus A380 and what material is it made out of?
Tell me notation whose name has the word symbol in it.
Fernando de Noronha is coextensive with what?
When did animated feature film for voice actor of Tom Hanks?
Which is the excipient which is an active ingredient in Sclerosol and that contains the word talc in it's name?
What is the award received by Nawaz Shari by the replacement of Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi?
Which is the discovery that the inventor of CERN made?
Does Johnny Depp have Christoph as another forename that is said to be different from Johnny?
What was the academic major of Donald Knuth and where was he educated at?
Which participants of the Battle of Leuthen, had a brother named Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor?
How many matches did Fritz Walter play and for what team?
What was the item used by Malcolm Perry's doctoral supervisor?
Which characters are present in Harry Potter?
Which is the double administrative body, of Nagasaki's governing county seat.
What is the role model of the doctoral supervisor of Carl Neumann?
What are theGreco-Roman mysteries which start with the letter M
Where was the place of activity for Erich Von dem Bach-Zelewski, that was on lake in the Westhafen Canal?
Who is the executive director of shareholder of Broadcast.com?
Who is Patron saint the accountant, the son of Alphaeus?
when did member of coined molybdenum?
Tell me the series by Rama.
What is the court with highest judicial authority in Hong Kong?
what is the danger of asthma according to Genome-wide association study?
Who is the son of the brother or sister of the Archduchess Maria Carolina of Austria?
Which is Dennis Rodman's team that is funded by Mr,Submarin?
What terrain feature of Hokkaido has the tributary Bol'shaya Sarannaya?
Who s the administrator of service of WOW air?
Tell me spaceport whose name has the word station in it.
Does Jan Tscichold said the same as Juan?
What is the time zone located in the territorial entity of Vinson Massif?
John Diefenbaker is the incumbent for what public office held by Justin Trudeau?
During the February Revolution was Santiago de Cuba known as twin town?
Which is the writable file format of iTunes?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
Which is the direction relative to location of west?
What are some of the international reactions to the US presidential action in 2016 in which Donald Trump participated?
What is the codomain of natural logarithm?
Name a city in Netherlands that contain the word zwolle  in its name
Name a movie directed by Ang Lee
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
Which is the inferior planet with maximum albedo?
What country does Zinedine Zidane play sports for?
What does physically interact with adenosine triphosphate as an agonist?
How is Uranium produced?
How is Barbara W. Tuchman related to Henry Morgenthau?
What do the stars on the United States of America symbolize?
What was the nomination received by Anjelica Huston, but had a prizewinner of Mira Sorvino?
What is the death place of Karl von Frisch that has the cities of Altstadt-Lehel?
What develops from gynoecium?
What multiple starts with the letter h?
What is the relative level of taxon of Piper mollipilosum?
who champ of awards of Joyce Carol Oates?
Where in the state of Louisiana was Jared Leto born?
Who is member of coined Köppen climate classification?
Who are the disciples of Christiaan Huygens who were informed by Maimonides?
Who co-founded the Inge Morath?
Which is the color of the red wine?
For what film was Catherine Deneuve nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
The parent taxon of a Nematoda belongs to what taxonomic ranking?
What country's leader was Mao Zedong that started the Vietnam War?
What is Alan Shepard's spaceflight?
Who is the doctoral student of Martin Weitzman supervisor?
Which is the zenith of the jurisdiction of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission?
Where is the population with 1 star and with the maximum temperature at childastronomical body 341958) Chrétien?
what is the statement is subject for Donald Trump has significant event as inauguration?
Sevastopol is located on what peninsula?
What is the studied under of the sculptor of Urd Werdande Skuld The Norns?
What were the continents involved during the Cold War
What are the Christian denomination which start with the letter united
Which medical condition is established from Down Syndrome?
When Nazareth Araújo won, which round of voting had the most participants?
What is the Belgium symbol for highest alcohol by volume?
What champ nomination did Stephen Hendry receive?
What was Clint Eastwood nominated for at the 76th Academy Awards?
What is discretionary connection of starts of techno?
Which is used by the standard genetic code?
Which member was the next Académie des Beaux-Arts after Georges-Eugène Haussmann?
When did position held of Arthur Balfour and elected in?
Who is the boxer?
Which metabolite has the largest mass?
Which are the honors of the discoverer of hovercraft?
Where does Feodor Chaliapin work?
who language for indigenous to of khazars?
Which is the Wikimedia disambiguation page which starts with the letter z?
Who gave the co-founded by of has designer of RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile?
What is the plot of Jacques?
Name the anthology drama film with the lowest box office return?
Where is the venous drainage and the arterial supply of Clitoris?
Who is the facility operator of UTair Flight 120?
Who replaced Frank Forde as Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly?
What is the saying that is present in the work of Satan?
Tell me about the position of an employee at UNESCO.
Who is Stanislaw Grabowski's brother's son?
What is member of the sports team of George Mikan that is position played on the team / specialty is center?
Where in Limpopo borough is the city of North West?
What is named for Compton scattering which has the honorary title of X-ray badge?
WHat are the types of software that contain the word system in their name?
WHICH IS THE NEWSMAGAZINE THAT STARTS WITH W
In which country Marilyn Chambers died at Santa Clarita?
What is Thomas Love Peacock's coat of arms?
Who developed the medium of Filhos da Grávida de Taubaté?
What was the award received by Robert Bresson for his work on L'Argent?
Who is discoverer of big event of Najib Razak?
What was the largest team that finished Yukon Quest who had Cody Strathe as a participant?
What journal is Darwin's abominable mystery: Insights from a supertree of the angiosperms cited from?
What minimum triangular number has an instance of which composite number?
What is the executive and legislature body of Goa?
What is the grammatical gender of second language of Elizabeth Pakenham, Countess of Longford?
who is the mother for Will Smith that has child as Willow Smith?
Which is topic of of history of Alabama, that has has shires is Perry County?
What was Charles Baudelaire's occupation in the English-speaking world?
What is the diplomatic relationship of Karen Carpenter and the location of where she is buried?
What is the name of the library at the University of Oxford?
which programming paradigm is language of mIRC?
What earthquake in Kamouraskas had the most aftershocks?
Tell me municipiu of Romania whose name has the word in it.
Who is the daughter of the president of the Conservative Party?
what subsidiary entities work for Buzz Aldrin?
Gloria Estefan won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Tropical Song for what song?
What are the united states federal executive department which start with the letter d
What is the collection of astronomical objects with the smallest wavelength?
Who is the statement is subject of for Julia Philips has award received as Academy Award for Best Picture
What is in action of Clarence Campbell, whose moveable object location is in Atlantic Ocean?
What is trance music?
What does the Ulysses S. Grant National Memorial in the United States commemorate?
Tell me me a character from Star Wars whose name consist of the word woman and whose noble title princess leia
Based on reading Dick Wolf's language, is he a grammatical person?
Which binder powder has the lowest emissivity?
What city is governed by the Bank of Upper Canada Building?
which is the sovereign state for the renminbi currency?
What Rear Window was nominated for at 27th Academy Awards?
What is established by working at Terry Nova?
What was Fred Zinnemann nominated for in the 26th Academy Awards?
who historical country for official residence of parthian empire?
Where is the business headquarters location in Hong Kong
With whom did Skrillex receive the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording?
What were the terms for Hanuman's incarceration?
What is the natural reservoir of an insect known as?
What is written by of Symphony No. 5, which has master of Eduard Marxsen?
What is the HQ location of the Hermitage Museum whose twin town is Krakow?
What animation technique starts with the letter s?
How is the medical condition treated with subject has role of Doxycycline?
What are the lunar calendar which start with the letter calendar
What is the woven fabric that comes from wool?
What is Decathlon sport and it;s record progression?
Who replaced Alcide de Gasperi as Minister of Foreign Affairs?
WHat treaty serves as the main regulatory text in Soviet Union
Who is The Sims: Hot Date developed and co-founded by?
What sovereign state starts with the letter y?
What or whom was a major cause of the beginning of World War II?
WHICH IS THE STATE OF AUSTRALIA THAT CONTAINS THE WORDS VICTORIA IN THEIR NAME
Name the honorary title given to Jack Kilby whose leader is Herwig Kogelnik?
What is it?
Who won the Juno Award for The Weekend?
What is the Christian name of James Hetfield that is the same as Jacques?
what is the due to of the death cause of Edwin Kagin?
Who is the author of The Merchant of Venice and who are it's characters?
Who is the doctoral supervisor and founder of clinical psychology?
Where is the location of discovery and the discoverer or inventor of Tungsten?
Where did Indra Nooyi go to college and what was the major?
What film genre is pupil of Carl Reinecke?
What would be the interaction subject of the top quark?
Who did Alexander Hamilton marry at Schuyler Mansion?
Where is grave at of James Bond, which partner town is Incheon?
What sport does Nina Dumbadze coach?
Who is record producer Vento del sud married to?
Tell me highly urbanized city whose name has the word valenzuela in it.
What is the science that studies the location of moveable objects in a cell cycle?
Tell me the longest-distance sport in which Rudolf Caracciola is champion.
Where is the headquarters of Georg Rabuse?
In the science of language, what is being working on?
In what county seat does La Monte Young work?
Which is the cultural region that is located in Bilbao?
Who oversees the clergy of Saint Petersburg University?
What is brought by epoch of Selkirk Mountains?
WHat are the band that contain the word Nightwish in their name?
What is Thomas Aquinas' profession?
Tell me the TMA most apoapsis
What award did Keanu Reeves receive, which was also won by Sandra Bullock?
What service with the largest port is a directory?
What is the mouth of the watercourse of Mississippi River at Mississippi River Delta?
What is the name of the man with a successful career as a record producer and is a cohabitant with actress Courtney Cox?
Who has kids with Kanye West, whose brother-in-law is Kris Jenner?
Is Pinto Colvig the name of the performer who plays Goofy?
Which is the introduced feature for air conditioning?
origin of people who speak japanese
What is the dialect used in Ancient Greek?
What is the work of inventor Lucy?
Name this psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that contains the word opium  in its name
What is the type of quantum particle with the highest gyromagnetic ratio whose instance of is isotope of neutronium?
Which sport has maximum number of players in the region?
Who is elected in The Joong-ang Ilbo?
who mediatised to supersedes the service tax?
What is that it has
who governing body of worked for of Charles mcLean andrews?
What tributaries are near the Lake of Cadiz?
What is the word for part of in Hungarian?
What is propylene a polymer of?
Tell me religious denomination whose name has the word unitarianism in it.
Which is contributor(s) to the creative work of Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists?
Where is the Mona Lisa exhibited?
From where did Richard von Weizsacker win the recognition title of 1st place medalist of Medecins Sans Frontiers?
Silk is produced by which taxon?
What are the castle which start with the letter o
What role did the amphitheatre play in the culture of ancient Rome?
What are the academic major which start with the letter T
What is sexually homologous with for ovary?
When did residence of Vladimir Putin and owned by?
What nomination did David Mitchell receive but ultimately lose to Kiran Desai?
Who is the tributary of on harbour of Raotonga?
Which is the mineral variety that starts with the letter z?
What literary genre is the prequel of Alien?
What is the alma mater of John Sinclair with a parent company of the University of Michigan School of Music, Theater and Dance?
Which is the award received for constellation?
What is the birthplace of Bradley Wiggins, and has the coat of arms of Ghent?
Alma Mater, authors of Suicide is at Leipzig University?
What is continuing to be developed from HP-UX?
Which is the IUCN protected areas category of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park?
What topic of the history of Wales has cities like Caerphilly County Borough as central areas?
When was the part of series of Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade published on?
What is the name of a television series that starts with the letter z.
What was Genghis Khan's family called?
Name a city that contains the word  manila in its name
Where are the papers of the music by String Quartet No. 14 (Beethoven)?
Which is sculptor of series First Responders?
Who are conflicted amongst Battle of Ayta ash-Shab?
What is the maximum vibration of drill model?
For what role was Terry Southern nominated for an award in the movie Easy Rider?
What is the natural script for written Ancient Greek?
What is the time zone of Hebei, which is the equivalent of China Standard Time?
What is the setting of King Kong that borders Westchester County.
Which is used for treatment of capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of methenamine hippurate?
Who is the creator of Bart Simpson?
Who is the mother of Diana Gabaldon ,
who doctoral supervisor of academic supervisor of emile durkheim?
tell me animated character that starts name with w
Name a broadsheet format newspaper that starts with letter T
What is the personal name of Jan Swammerdam, whose audio language is Swedish?
What is the middle name of Lisa del Gioconda , that said to be different from Liesel?
what is the statement is subject of for Paraguay that has diplomatic relation as Peru?
Name a nonmetal discovered in England that contains the word oxygen in its name
Which film is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is the magazine with the highest readership whose publisher is National Parks Conservation Association?
What is the language of Paul V. Hindenburg, that is dative case?
What is toponym of St. Elmo's fire, that has historical era is Roman Empire?
What is the deliberate murder with the lowest number of perpetrators whose located in the administrative territorial entity is Jerusalem?
Which is the original language of work for The Muppet Show?
Which is the television series episode which has Bruce Willis as cast member?
What is the biological process that contributes to necrosis?
What is place served by transport hub for Fairbanks?
Who is the graduate of the sculptor of Red & Black?
WHICH IS THE FILM WITH THE MAXIMUM BOX OFFICE
What editions, developed by, Cascading Style Sheets, is in the World Wide Web Consortium?
Which is the main regulatory text for Antarctic?
What state is the Pope in charge of?
Which camera is different from a still camera to catch taxon parent of eukaryote?
WHICH IS THE PARENT COMPANY OF SUPERIOR FORMATION OF ACADEMY FOR SPATIAL RESEARCH AND PLANNING
What government did Josip Broz Tito serve
Which is the parent body of Enceladus, that have child body as Hyrrokkin?
Which is the academic area of the PhD adviser of Vladimir Berkovich?
For what position did Douglas Nicholls replace Mark Oliphant?
What are the provinces of Pakistan that contain the word sindh in their name?
What is the event location of the took part in of Florin Prunea?
Where does PhD advisor John Finnis work?
Who is the superpartner of Higgs boson?
WHICH IS THE EARTHQUAKE WITH THE MAXIMUM AFTERSHOCKS
Tell me the social networking service which starts with the letter y?
What is the signs of the murder method of Joe DiMaggio?
Who is a stepparent of Barack Obama?
What is the group IB flammable liquid with min surface tension whose instance of chemical compound?
Which movie was Paul Newman nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Name the feminine name behind the language work of Russian
What is Harold Wilson's middle name? Is it the same as Andrin's?
What are the mass media which start with the letter youtube
Which is different to liquorice , that played by Bride?
What territory is claimed by the German Democratic Republic?
Tell me the time which starts with the letter p!
What is the city location of Vladimir Lenin
What is the location of burial of Gioseffo Zarlino, whose WHS criteria is iii?
What features are associated with playing on a skateboard?
Where did Emmy Noether die in Pennsylvania?
Which Augustus relative was his adoptive parent?
What method was used to determine that VAV2 is genetically associated with multiple sclerosis?
To whom did Anna Karina got married and when did it ended?
Who has created the design of the Thunderbolt?
Who is the son- in- law of the co-founder of the Catholic Church?
Which songwriter of Suite bergamasque died in Paris?
Which Doctor Zhivago writer has been honored with the Medal of Defense of Moscow?
What position did Halford Mackinder hold in the Glasgow Camlachie district?
which position Henry Campbell-Bannerman holds and when did he select?
Name the capital city of the Empire of Japan.
What are the historical ethnical group which start with the letter xiongnu
Where is the tributary of the Baspa River?
What is owned by the owners of Dalian Hexing?
What are sculptors of quantum mechanics that have worked at Humboldt University of Berlin?
Which asteroid with the shortest orbital period was discovered at the Nice Observatory?
What are the kingdom which start with the letter zakhara
Who is the maternal half-sister of Mary Shelley?
What region is adjacent to the Battle of Fontenoy?
What is the activity policy of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston?
Which chemical compound has the most explosive speed?
Where is etymology of Poisson distribution, with the famous book called Poisson's equation?
Name a military order that served the Holy Roman Emperor that contains the word knights in its name
What is association for speaking Hungarian?
How long did Lance Armstrong participate in the Tour de France?
What is the aircraft family with the highest maximum glide ratio whose manufacturer is Grob Aircraft?
What is the lagoon with the lowest residence time of water whose country is Chile?
What is the main concept of Judaism?
Which is the temporal range end for Quaternary?
Tell me the name of the diatomic nonmetal chemical with the lowest oxidation state.
Which is the chemical substance which starts with the letter z?
Which is has county seat has capital of Abyssinia?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
Chinese is written is which logographic system?
WHAT IS THE SOFTWARE QUALITYN ASSURANCE OF BITCOIN
What award did Henry Louis Gates receive from the American Book Awards?
Tell me production company whose name has the word tellfilm in it.
Who has sister of children Ovadia Yosef?
For what work was David Mitchell nominated for the Guardian First Book Award?
Name a road in Karachi.
which ensemble starts with the letter u
When did member of sports team of Ali Daei and number of matches played?
WHAT ARE THE PERIODIZATION WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
What is the production process of medium grog?
What characters in Nabucco sing as sopranos?
What is the partner town of Bogota, which is also Enrique Inglesias's location of birth?
Which is religion of Maratha Empire?
Who replaced H. H. Asquith as Secretary of State for the Home Department?
Who gave the sector of developed by of Ms. Pac-Man?
What award was Insaaf Ka Tarazu nominated for?
What disciplines study Hebrew?
Which is the highest judicial authority of Rhode Island?
Which is the interaction of the supersymmetric particle of quark?
Which award did Toni Braxton get for his work in Love,Marriage and divorce
Which article of Z-Boys features the film director Stacy Peralta?
Tell me a album whose name consist of the word wall and whose english is the language of work
What are the invention which start with the letter t
What type of quantum particle is the antiparticle of an electon.
Where is Japan National Route 438?
What are the subculture which start with the letter t
Which academic major was taken by Emil Cioran who was educated at University of Bucharest?
Which is the manifestation of the operation of e-commerce?
Name someone ilvolved in Battle of Verdun
Which is the GUI toolkit of framework for iOS?
What ilocation to takes part of Stanislav Cherchesov?
Who is the developer of wave equation with member of Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
Who was the person that was a student of Gustav Mahler?
Which is musical score by of Requiem, where woman is male?
Who is the musical conductor of Mary Poppins?
Did Rector Ernst Bumm work for Franz Bopp?
Tell me cell type whose name has the word reticulodyte in it.
Who is the leader of Czechoslovakia?
What chemical phenomenon starts with the letter c?
What are the literary form which start with the letter Y
Who will replace Ibn Saud as King of Saudi Arabia?
Who is the alumna of Edward said that is in the province of Elizabeth
WHICH IS THE LAGUOID CLASS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD VARIETY IN THEIR NAME
What kinds of airplanes do American Airlines operate?
what is the codon for L-Tyrosine?
What is Wikimedia outline of Physics?
What inspires the sidekick of Sebastian?
What day does Easter fall on?
What is the class IC flammable liquid with the least ions attached to carbon?
Who replaces Gerhard Schröder as Federal Chancellor of Germany?
What are the signs of trichloromonofluoromethane poisoning?
Which protein interacts with hydrogen peroxide?
Who is the director and director of photography of Apocalypse Now?
Where is the birthplace of Johann Gottfried Herder?
What is a lifestyle that begins with the letter w.
What Belgian municipality with city privileges shares a border with Bruges?
Who plays for FC Porto?
TELL ME METROPOLITAN CITY OF SOUTH KOREA WHICH START WITH THE LETTER U.
Which is the history of topic and the opposite of of Veganism?
who subsidiary company of label of deep purple?
What is the filmography of Ron Howard?
Where did Lionel of Antwerp's sister live?
What is the voivodeship of Beni Suef Governorate that has diplomatic relation to South Korea?
What single followed Unchained Melody?
A professional in the field of ecology is given what title?
Who is the Captain of the Montreal Canadiens?
Who's actions evoked the Russian Civil War?
What is the craft of Maria Sharapova, whose field of this craft is tennis?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for best sound mixing from The Last of the Mohicans?
WHICH IS THE NUCLEAR WEAPON WITH MAXIMUM EXPLOSIVE ENERGY EQUIVALENT
In what time zone is Lake County, Tennessee?
What is the featured work in Albany?
Tell me book of the bible whose name has the word song in it.
Which is co-founded by the League of Nations, which is also a member of American Philosophical Society?
Who designed the Mausoleum of Maussollos?
Who is the software publisher of Super Smash Bros. Melee whose division is Nintendo Platform Technology Development?
Which is the science award that is conferred by the Columbia University and contains the word prize in it's name?
Which is the anthem for Kimi Ga Yo?
TELL ME THE BIBLIOGRAPHIC CITATION OF MARK SMOOTHING USING SEPARABLE KERNELS FOR CT PERFUSION PART OF WORK?
What is the name of the circular saw model and its acoustic power?
How and where did Robert Wadlow die?
Which is the television film that was based on Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
What is the artistic works of Isabelle Adjan?
which construction has starts with z
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Which sovereign member of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development has the lowest speed limit.
Who is part of the community of Uppsala University?
Tell me me a unit of energy whose name consist of the word joule and whose based on metre
What is true of this filter?
Which drug has the highest heat capacity?
tell me border whose name has the starts with I in it
What is the religious text provided by the biblical figure David?
What was William Shakespeare's occupation?
What was Helen Hayes in that she was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress?
What is the name of the person that the Euler equations are named for, that died in Saint Petersburg?
Who is the chief operating officers of the builders of the Nintendo DS?
Who plays the role of Superman in the movie Superman?
What is in the production of e-commerce?
What is it?
What position does Hu Jintao hold as part of the 9th National People's Congress?
Which shipwreck had more casualties than the RMS Titanic?
Which is the website account of Twitch?
What are the administrative divisions of Gummo Marx's citizenship?
What species of plants can be found in the botanical garden on the Toronto Zoo Domain Ride?
Which is the occupational carcinogen for the polymer of polyvinyl chloride?
Who is the head of country (or state)?
Which is the ethnic group which contains the word zambo in it's name?
What chemical compound has a significant drug interaction with astemizole starts with the letter t?
What town was lived in by Aristotle, whose partner town is Cali?
What was the primary profession of the author of The Road to Serfdom?
What do the authors of Needle in the Groove inform us about?
What lake of São Jorge Island has the Curoca River, a tributary?
What are the low-cost airline which start with the letter vueling
What's the name of the instrument used in clustering of scientific?
Tell me which is the single-family detached home which contains the word villa in it's name?
Mention the border participants of Livonian War?
What is the CPU with the fastest FSB speed?
What is Bill Falkinder's branch mascot?
What river is a tributary for the Hertfordshire?
What is the name of the garrison sister town of Charles University in Prague?
Where is the location of birth of Antónia Ferreira subdivided into Galafura e Covelinhas?
Who was the chairman of the event producer in the 2017 Masters?
In Exodus, a mountain serves as a narrative location--where is it?
Name the barque with the most masts?
Which commemorative coin with the lowest face value is made of gold?
Which department is responsible for the city of Paris
What is the exhibition history of Pomona College?
What are the rock band which start with the letter yellowcard
What music from Loretta Lynn received an award?
Who is Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's partner?
What is the death location of Saul on the continent of Asia?
Who is the inventor of Titan?
who champion of awarded of jan tinbergen?
Which is the monocation for the conjugation base of ammonia?
In which country is the Kingdom of Wessex located?
who aircraft family for item operated of Air India?
What is the main sequence star G - type for Jupiter's child astronomical body?
Who edited the movie The Birth of a Nation?
What are the civil code which start with the letter code
Name a song composed by Pete Townshend.
Claude Monet belonged to which art movement?
What Ghost in the Shell character was voiced by actor Kōichi Yamadera?
Who is the tilting train for item operated of Amtrak
Joss Whedon has been nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Script, for what piece of work?
What is the aspect of history that follows apartheid?
Which films did Mike Myers write?
What is the  criterion used  for  pole vault   record held  as  Eliza McCartney ?
In part of the series of The Bachelor, season 18, who is the director of the script?
Who is the spouse of the person who painted Glorious victory?
What is recorded at Revolver?
Who is the leader of party membership for Martin Dinha?
What is Julian Assange's occupant's embassy?
Name the underground station with the most tracks in Finland?
What does the Coca-Cola Company manufacture?
What is the asteroid with the highest longitude of ascending node whose site of astronomical discovery is Vienna Observatory?
What series of silicate minerals is named after Ernest H. Nickel?
Which company in Russia has the lowest total equity?
Which archaeological site was the former capitol of the Achaemenid Empire?
Which is legislative body of Cook Islands?
What mechanical property of materials starts with the letter y?
Which 3D film was Sarah Silverman a voice actor for?
In which famous spaceflight Neil Armstrong was involved?
Name a Roman province located in the Roman Empire.
what is working on galactic astronomy, that has a dwarf galaxy Boötes II
Which streak color is solid solution series with of fayalite?
WHICH IS CAPABLE OF INHIBITING OR PREVENING PATHOLOGICAL PROCESS OF PRESCRIBED DRUG OF INFLAMMATION
who constitutional republic for ethnic group of Indigenous peoples of the United States?
Who is the person that was student of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz?
What group is opium in?
What is a cause of botulism?
What is from Dungeons & Dragons' fictional universe?
Tell me a character encoding whinch includes the word yuscii in its name
Who is the prime minister that came from Barfoot Gen?
Did Barbados have a diplomatic relationship with Nigeria in the past?
who desired outcome of remake of half moon replica?
What are the form factor which start with the letter u
What writer, born in Hamburg, wrote Curious George?
What award did Cherry Jones achieve in the 49th Tony Awards?
What nomination was received by the inventor of the oscilloscope?
What stepper motor has the least torque?
Which coat of arms is in the administrative region of of Western Canada?
What is playing hand of Novak Djokovic?
What is the patronym or matronym for Vladimir Putin's name?
Name the Wikidata property known as Bulgarian Antarctic with the least amount of records?
Name the submarine power cable with the least throughput whose CEO is Nasos Ktorides
What is the sexual orientation and the sex or gender of Deadpool?
What is the athlete Zinedine Zidane's business
Tell me about talk show for presenter of Ellen DeGeneres?
What dominion of the British Empire is Wellington part of?
What is list of characters from narrative of Mario?
Which films did screenwriter Andrew Lloyd Webber produce?
What is the Japanese word for anime?
What is the topic's main category for divination?
Do Asian elephants have self-awareness?
What would be the competing bibliography of all mankind?
Name an actor in Friends
Tell me the religion of the main regulatory text of Tao Te Ching and that starts with the letter t?
Who is the namesake of the Planck constant, who was a member of the Licean Academy?
What insecticide has the lowest combustion point?
Palauli forms part of the capital of Apia, give the complete place name.
What is the award received by Ansel Adams followed by Lennart Nilsson?
What award did Yaşar Kemal receive from Günter Grass?
Who is the teacher of the kids of Ali al-Hadi?
WHICH IS THE SCIENCE MUSEUM WITH THE MAXIMUM VISITORS PER YEAR
Name the nuclear weapons test with the lowest explosive energy equivalent whose country of origin is soviet union?
Who is the founder of Michelin Guide who is an alumna of Lycee Louis-le-Grand?
What kind of compact car has the greatest range?
What city in New York County is the birth city of Jon Finkel?
What is the place of birth of Alvin Ailey located in the administrative territorial entity known as Rogers?
What is the avionics of radar?
What are weapon studio which start with the letter z
What famous people were born in Yekaterinburg?
TELL ME THE FAMOUS WORK WRITTEN BY MULE BONE?
What is the name of the reservoir the Grand Coulee Dam made?
In what city did Sigmund Freud die? Hint: its partner city is Zagreb.
What country was Def_Leppard formed?
What community of Belgium uses Dutch as its official language?
Which is the analog or derivative of diazepam?
Who are the kids of Vsevolod the Big Nest whose location of burial is Dormition Cathedral?
Tell me the historical ethnical group that is depicted by the Book of Genesis and contains the word scythians in it's name?
How much alkanol is in the highest autoignition temperature?
Which business enterprise has the most total liabilities?
which is the country for August has named after as Alp Arslan?
What is the name of the stockholder who worked for Ray Kurzweil?
What field of journalism is Aloysius Bertrand in?
What is the had reason of revolutions of 1917-1923 between central powers?
What was the academic major of Donald Knuth and where was he educated at?
Who is the game artist of Final Fantasy VII?
What are the list of characters and the characters of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Did the brother of Matilda of Habsburg have kids?
What are the epic poem which start with the letter tambuka
What is the sovereign state of Oslo
Who died in the writers of Philosophical Investigations?
Who is Paulo Coelho's favorite player that has a career as a lyricist?
When did Bettie Page die?
Who is the relative of the Faisal of Saudi Arabia?
What superhero is present in Sonic the Hedgehog?
Who are the daughters of the wives of Hans Rehmann?
For what work was Paul Thomas Anderson nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
WHAT IS THE BORN OF ANNE ENRIGHT
What is art work of paul klee famous books?
What time zone is the continent of Levant?
What drug treats inflammation?
Lactobacillus belongs to which taxon?
What is notation of Earth?
Which is the radio telescope operator of California Institute of Technology?
What is David Ben - Gurion's Declaration of Independence?
What is the concept developed by Niklas Luhman and which has the word society in their name?
Which is the taxon for the taxon source of milk?
Where is the filming location and the narrative location of Forrest_Gump?
Who plays the creator of Planta do Foro de Quiteria Maria Amaral Occupado Por Francisco Antonio Mariano Situado no Lageado - Freguezia da Penha Municipio da Capital São Paulo (Alekhine, Nicolau)?
Which is the municipal archive of the archives of Bonn?
Which is located in or next to body of water of Saipan?
Which is signs of common cold, that has has underlying cause is type I hypersensitivity?
What film trilogy is Once Upon a Time in the West part of?
What is the municipal council in Finland with the lowest number of seats whose applies to jurisdiction is Lappajärvi?
Which taxon has cinnamon as a component for its fabrication?
Who produced The Birth of a Nation?
Which applies to territorial jurisdiction of holds position of Septimius Severus?
What is the first minister of the place of activity of Richard Russell?
What is the largest County Wexford constituency?
Which is the connecting line of Stockholm metro?
Who is the Norse deity killed by Baldur?
Who replaces J.J. Thompson as the President of the Royal Society?
Which Class IIIA combustible liquid has the highest short-term exposure limit?
Who was the inventor and what is the history of the Periodic table?
who state of languages spoken of marcel carné?
Where in the bible can you find the book of David?
What is the highest constitutional court level you can find in Hamburg?
What are the symptoms and drug used for treatment of Gastroenteritis?
Name the lowest Alexa ranked magazine?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of associated people of Oslo?
What is the governing document of the Navajo people?
What films is Bruce Willis cast in
what is the royal or noble rank contains the word in their name
What platform and software engine does Dota 2 use?
Name the type of work done by Robert Frost for which he has received award as Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
Vladimir Lenin was the head of government of which historical country.
Give me the name of the mass media that starts with 'y' and has a 3GPP readable file format.
What award was received by Maurice Wilkes for his work in Electronic delay storage automatic calculator?
Who runs the capital city Tenochtitlan?
What death place is divided into by Philaret Drozdov?
Tell me Jewish denomination whose name has the word judaism in it.
Tell me theatrical genre whose name has the word zauberstück in it.
Tell me probability distribution whose name has the word distribution in it.
What is the capital of Kangwon Province, which is a member of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies?
Give me a name of coachwork type, that starts with an alphabet 'v'.
what is it that with the using of Sauteeing, causes an immediate effect called the Maillard reaction?
What is regulated by sports Union of North African Football Federations?
What is the occupational carcinogen for polyvinyl chloride's monomer?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Phoenician alphabet?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the highest standard molar entropy?
What is the funicular with the lowest average gradient whose source of energy is electricity?
who is brother for children of Eleanor of Aquitaine?
Who is headed by of party membership of Luis Alberto Sánchez?
Give the world record that Hicham El Guerrouj holds.
What are the intergovernmental organization that contains the word southern in their name
Which is EIRIN film rating for Breakfast at Tiffany's?
How do you rate the Via col Vento edition on a musical scale?
Who is the human for father of Alexander Graham Bell
What team is Radamel Falcao Garcia a member of sports team and what is his number of matches played?
Who was the screenwriter of Neon Genesis Evangelion?
Where is the pendant in the Portrait of Maria Bockenolle (Wife of Johannes Elison)?
Name the item operator of the object accessed by Air Mauritius
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
What is the name of the ethnic group that originates from Korea?
What is the economy whose name contains the word russia in it?
What what is programming language programming paradigm non-structured programming and alsowhich that starts with letter b
who musician of predecessor of right here right now tour?
What opponent competed against Kerri Walsh Jennings?
Tell me system of units whose name has the word units in it.
What is the soundtrack album of Symphony No. 5?
Who is the namesake of Count Lagrangian point?
Which television show does Ellen DeGeneres host?
What is the name of a roof shape that starts with the letter t.
What is the Wikimedia category for the list of films shot on location in Montreal?
Tell me health specialty whose name has the word sam in it.
Name the multiple star constellation where you can find Centaurus that starts with letter H
What is music genre of comes before I mine øjne?
Which is replaced by North Carolina?
Name a color that contain the word yellow  in its name
What is colour of team of Maurice Wellock?
What essays are contained in, The Federalist Papers?
Which HyperText Markup Language series W3C recommendation comprises of the letters html5 in its name?
What are the orbits of the Local Bubble that are part of the constellation Orion?
What are the direct-controlled municipality which start with the letter t
Which country is the Hebrew language spoken?
Which jobs did the characters of Pinocchio have?
What is the linguistic typology of Austro- Asiatic languages?
In what division is the service operator of Airbus A380?
Where did the Allies take part?
Who is the person that founded the Society of Jesus?
What is needed for sailing a ship?
What is painting of coat arms of Overbetuwe?
who is the sister or brother Flaying of Marsyas portrait?
What is  award received  from  Mario Puzo  which is the subject of  47th Academy Awards ?
What item was used in the birth of Victor E. Renuart, Jr.?
When did the life stance of saint governing text?
which aircraft is driving the fastest on take-off?
What college down shares a border with Munich?
Where does one apply the starch?
What is the birth location, with a partner city of Khabarovsk, of Shannon Larratt?
Which prize received by Martha Graham, has another one of the winners named Lynn Fontanne?
What are the concepts that contain the word übersarung in their name?
Who is the film director for The Star Wars Holiday Special?
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
What combustible gas with the highest IDLH exists in humans?
Who were Apollo's partner's Muses?
TELL ME EMIRATE OF THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD FUJAIRAH IN IT
What can you use to treat signs of lead poisoning?
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which sovereign state?
Tell me the region of the Czech Republic that is the twinned administrative body of Hamburg.
What is mascot of took part in Thierry Henry?
which reserve currency has the highest price?
What is a prescribed drug for strokes that is capable of inhibiting or preventing the pathological process of cerebrovascular disease?
WHICH IS THE PHASE OF LIFE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD ZYGOSPORE IN THEIR NAME
Where did Madam C. J. Walker, a member of ASEAN Regional Forum, deceased at?
Which religion affiliation was established by Mahendra Sūri?
Which cult film did Francis Ford Coppola direct?
Provide a programming language that contained the word zpl in their name used for array programming paradigm.
Name the unit used to measure mass quantity that starts with letter w
What is the superhuman feature or ability of the superhero Daredevil?
Bill Gates is the chairperson for what private foundation located in the United States?
Who is the manager/director of BBC?
What is the birth place of Margery Williams that has town and is part of the London Borough of Ealing?
What work did Blanca Esthela Guerra Islas receive the Ariel Award for Best Actress?
What is the name of the sister town of the location of birth of Troy Fraser?
Who was born in Hugh Griffith near a body of water?
What is the scientific area of correspondence at of Emil Baumgartel?
what are the newscast which start with the letter w
Who is the chairperson of Durica Jojkić's committee?
Whicth is criterion used forLaissez faire?
Are Princess Feodora Of Leiningen and Queen Victoria related?
Tell me how to use academic discipline for syntax?
Tell me area of law whose name has the word law in it.
Which is manifestation of of work of Johann Reinhard Kistner?
Who influenced the author of I taste a liquor never brewed?
What are the musical which start with the letter w
What are the geometric concept which start with the letter s
Which is the decay mode for uranium-238?
Tell me the isotope hydrogen which follows deuterium and whose name starts with t?
In what environment is the series Darius Force set?
What country that is a member of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the most GDP?
Whose deathplace was Saint Petersburg, where the tribute to Pictures at an Exhibiltion took place?
How is the last name of Franz Marc pronounced in other languages?
What position in government did Franz Dobush have?
which type of quantum particle that interaction gravity starts with q
Which is the honorific for the officeholder of Salman of Saudi Arabia?
Does Seth's husband have sons?
Name a nationalist political party that contains the word patriots  in its name
What cities of Central Europe have correspondence at the National Archives?
Who has daughter with James vii and ii, and is the son of Anne Hyde?
Who is the chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard?
What are theheavy equipment which start with the letter tractor
What disease that is treated with epinephrine requires a medical specialist of infectious diseases?
What is Jonny Depp's native language what language does he ust for speaking, writing and/or signing?
Which film did Hayao Miyazaki produce?
Who is starring in the film Starfleet Academy?
Which is the bestuursorgaan of the basic form of government of Georgetown University?
What character serves as a narrator in the book On the Road?
What is it?
What is the position held by Benito Pérez Galdós whose electoral district is Guayama?
What election has the highest ballots for Thomas Playford?
In which twin cities was Prince Aloys Franz de Paula Maria born?
Who are the daughters of Fanny Fern?
Tell me which is the athletic conference which contains the word north in it's name?
Where was Ansel Adams born and how did he die?
Which person was inspired by Arianna Huffington?
Which is the film that is followed by the The Texas Chain Saw Massacre?
What is the alumna of Jenny Holzer, who is in the category for employees of the organization Ohio University faculty?
Which archaeological site did Qin Shi Huang commission?
Who gave themusician of previous is of Immortal?
Which is the metropolitan municipality in Turkey for the twinned administrative body of Lahore?
What is the political party of Silvio Berlusconi?
What are the public educational institution of the United States which start with the letter university
What Legal State, with diplomatic relations with Bangladesh has the highest marriage age?
Who is the organizer and what is location of Australian Open?
Which is the software engine of Team Fortress 2?
Where did Jarmila Kratochvílová set a record for the 400 metre dash?
Who was cast as Rocky Horror for The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
When did the member originate from The Castle?
For which movie was Christian Bale nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Is Istanbul the capital of Turkey?
who is the member of Roberto Baggio sports team and how many matches did they play?
Which time zone in Campania has daylight saving time?
Tell me conflict whose name has the word wars in it.
What is the diplomatic relation of the main topic of the European Union's economy?
What is the CEO's office of the religious affiliation of Bartholomew the Apostle?
tell me state of India that located in the administrative territorial entity India which starts with u
Which is the association football club for the member of sports team Ryan Giggs?
Who's voice is dubbed in Freemium Isn't Free
What are the mass media which start with the letter y
What was Ludwig van Beethoven a student of and who was a student?
Who discovered and what is Uranium name after?
Tell me which is the legal doctrine which contains the word person in it's name?
Which restaurateur coined the term hot dog?
What political part did Muammar al-Daddafi found
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
Who gave thehead office location of works for of Lars Stigzelius?
What is the Country of origin of Mojito?
What was the name of the International Master chess player with the lowest rating?
WHICH IS THE PROFESSIONAL DEGREE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD MASTER IN THEIR NAME
who occurrence for discoverer or inventor of CERN?
Why is the higher taxon of platyrrhini often confused with the monkey?
Which career of Colley Cibber, has a field of this career in the performing arts?
Who is the participant of Ludmilla Tourischeva awarded Olympic silver medal?
What landlocked country replaced Czechoslovakia?
What is the name of the animated skunk in Looney Tunes?
Name the Sparkasse with highest tier 1 capital ratio?
Where is The New York Times published?
Where is the head office location of International Air Transport Association that contains Lachine?
What is Ivan Pyryev's middle name, which is the same as Juan's?
Name the spot of neon that has diplomatic relation in Denmark.
What is elected in Edmund Barton, the Member of the Australian House of Representatives?
What are the village which start with the letter w
Which is administrative headquarters succeeds of Visigothic Kingdom?
What is a crisis that starts with the letter u.
Who did Abbas I of Persia replace who held the position of Shah?
Which is the Filmiroda rating for Battle Royale?
What are thedemographic profile which start with the letter teenager
Which currency starts with the letter y
What took place at the Fortress Besieged, with Myanmar diplomatic relations?
Who is the publisher for The Lees of Hong Kong?
What is in the district of Tripura that shares a border with Bhutan?
What is the location directed by Fireworks Wednesday?
Which afterburner used by military aircraft has the lowest maximum thrust?
Which business got substituted by 20th Century Fox
On which album is the track OK computer?
What is the murder method of Karl Donitz, that is carvedilol?
Tell me the major party which holds the office as head of the organisation by the chairman of the Social Democratic Party and whose name contains the word democratic?
Name a University that contain the word virginia  in its name
Who discovered Esperanto?
which 24 hours of le mans entry has the highest laps completed?
What country for May was named after Magtymguly Pyragy?
What is the tributary of the extreme point deepest of Papua New Guinea?
What is the pseudonym of the person who developed Bitcoin?
What is the Honorary title of Bertrand Tavernier, that was won by Adbellatif Kechiche?
Tell me dwarf planet whose name has the word pluto in it.
Name a business subsidiary of Nissan
Who is the head of state of Erich Honecker?
Who is the child of Agamemnon and the mother of Clytemnestra?
Who is the manufacture for the Airbus A300?
What is the typology of Dravidian languages whose antonym is fusional language?
Tell me the fundamental state of matter that is manifested by gaseous state of matter and contains the word gas in it's name?
What government structure starts with the letter t?
Who is the film for screenwriter of Ang Lee
Which is treated by of hiccups, who physically interacts with is Dopamine receptor D1?
Which is the category combined topics of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao?
Where was the birthplace of Antoine de Saint-Exupery?
What is the example to the fisher group in general?
What medication do you take for leprosy?
Who is the inner planet for parent astronomical body of International Space Station
Which is the rock band that has Axl Rose as the member?
What are the type of posthumous work which start with the letter P
What is the Location and Organizer of the AVN award?
What is the name of the airline that replaces Delta Air Lines?
who is pupil advisor of James Stevens?
Weimar Republic has what national anthem?
What influence did Daniel Handler have on the people of the United States?
Which was the faith of the office held by Leo III?
What are the Native American tribe in the United States which start with the letter tulalip
What river is in Hertforshire?
Why did Hebe Camargo and Décio Capuano get divorced?
Who is sons and daughter of Odysseus?
Where does Jean-Jacques Rousseau live
Which is the pathogen transmission process of fluid?
where are the residence and occupation for Jessica_Chastain?
What are the civilizations that start with the letter V
Who is the copyright owner for RIA Novosti?
Which is manner of Sesshū Tōyō?
Where in Black Hills is the place of detention?
Name the child of the Jiajing Emperor that has a brother or sister that is the Longqing Emperor.
Name a gland in the human body that starts with letter P
What is highest perimeter of Fraxinus excelsior?
Name the ice hockey team that allowed the most number of goals in the 2000-2001 season.
Which is the property that contains the word ziegeldurchschuss in it's name?
What is the name of integrated library system for SQL?
What countries are involved in the African Union?
What group did the brothers of Fabio Ochoa Vasquez belong to?
which is subsidiary entities of service branch of Godfrey Weitzel?
At which university was Jeff Bezos educated and what was his academic major?
Who is the club manager for the team member known as Colin McDonald?
What type of taxon was the proximate outcome of the Black Death?
Which sport tour has the highest number of losses?
Name the cause and effect of Hepatitis.
where is administrative headquarters for perpetrator of Battle of Ankara?
Who is the head of government for Otto von Bismarck?
Who is the role model of language written by Robert Conquest?
What is the name of the lake which has the greatest perimeter and also has a moderate WFD Ecological status?
WHAT ARE THE WORD THAT ROOT WHICH CONTAINS TYPE OF MATHEMATICAL FUNCTION
What tennis awards has Billie Jean King won?
What is the largest lake in Canada?
Which is the magazine with place of publication in New York City and that contains the word vibe in it's name?
The Book of Mormon is the published literature for which religion?
Who is sister of musical artist of That Song in My Head?
What political ideology does Sukano follow?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
What is the location of death, which has arrondissements with Podoli, of Jan Palach?
What is that is of
which is the country of citizenship and occupation of William_Shatner?
Who is the fictional person whose name starts with the letter t?
What historic era of the Roman Empire is named after the diophantine equation?
What continent did Paco Moncayo have fidelity to?
Which municipal election which featured at least one Centre Party Candidate had the most eligible voters?
Which disease is treated with cortisol?
Which wine-producing region has the highest production rate?
What is the name of Tina Turner's filmography?
Tell me the kingdom which contains the world joseon in its name and whose office is headed by King of Joseon Dynasty.
Who directed the movie Brokeback Mountain?
Who was the previous captain of Soyuz TM-32
What was Jennifer Jones nominated for during the 17th Academy Awards?
What is the label of The Armed Man; a musical group that belongs to the parent company Universal Music Group?
What is formed which represents Portrait of a Boy with a Golf Club and a Dog?
Whet academic degree did Zaha Hadid recieve?
Who is known for sculpting groups of mountain climbers?
What award was presented to Lars Peter Hansen and Eugene Fama?
Tell me the component that has hyperboloid shape and contains the word cooling in it's name?
The Seventh-day Adventist Church practices which religion?
Which is faculty of cohabitant of Carla Bruni?
What class would a student take to learn world history?
When are Sunflowers instead classed as a Sunflower?
What takes place in Macaronesia having tributary for Owenmore River?
For what type of work Peter O'Toole was nominated in the Ruling class?
What is the job of emergency management?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
What is the operating system of Instagram that can write in WebP Lossless?
What´s the musical score by the Nutcracker, that has representatived the work of Violin Concerto
What is the birth place of Greer Garson, that has a sister city to Los Angeles?
Which are the points classification of Chris Froome?
A measure of Planck temperature is measured by what?
What is the area of the college attended of Helen Allingham?
what is the vaccine for chickenpox?
Which is the field of work for Giotto di Bondone?
Overwatch features a number of different game modes, principally designed around squad-based combat with two opposing teams of six players each. ... Other modes set aside for casual matches include solo and team deathmatch, capture-the-flag, and unique modes run during various seasonal events.
What era followed apartheid?
What is influenced from the school of Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
Where is the headquarters and home venue of FC Porto?
The birthplace of the Ku Klux Klan is in what country?
Which house did Mahatma Gandhi die in?
Who is the father of Diocletian?
which is the single with the maximum strahler number whose drainage basin is susquehanna river basin?
What is the first language of Michael Richards whose grammatical person is third-person masculine singular?
Which is the hometown of Kevin Martin, that is next to Beaumont?
Name a state church that contain the word  movement in its name
What field would writer Booth Tarkington's career be considered?
Who held the position of archbishop at the diocese of Ambrose.
Who is the owner of Pornhub?
What is the official language for Khanate of Sibir, based in Crimean Peninsula?
Which sister from the Olympias, has the Christian name Alexander?
What religious text is a translation of Septuagint?
Where has Thelonious Monk studied?
hat is the reactant of the item used of eating?
Who is the family of Henry II of England?
What is the set location of the rules of the game?, What is it bordered by? I it Levallois Perret?
Who is the builder of the Lighthouse of Alexandria and what architectural style was used?
What was the method of murder of Franchot Tone, whose medical specialty was oncology?
What the heck is Navier-Stokes equations in mathematics?
Which is the jurisdiction that applies to the jurisdiction of the Member states of the United Nations and that contains the word council in it's name?
What is the taxon source of the coral's body?
Who are the cast members of Die Hard
Which is etymology of Planck length, that plays piano?
What is in the category competition of Wladimir Klitschko?
What happens in the college that Roberto Bergersen attended?
wich meansfacet of in history of Japan?
Which is target of article COMINFIL?
What is the position for the organization directed by the office of the African Union?
Which is the scheduled service destination for Shanghai Pudong International Airport?
What is the first name of John Lothrop Motley, that is the equivalent of Gianni?
Which is the Zee Cine Awards for the winner of Anil Kapoor?
Name the isotope of iridium with the highest parity that decays to osmium-164?
What language replaced Middle English?
Which religious group is the largest within Christianity?
kongo ancestral home?
Who was born in Wem and starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
South Moravian Region is maintained by?
What is Wednesday in Welsh?
Who are Timur's child and father?
which is instance of tablet computer?
WHICH ONE IS THE SPIRAL GALAXY WITH THE MOST RADIAL VELOCITY
Which characters are in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Which was the developer of the operating system of WhatsApp?
Who is Jane Fonda's spouse?
What is the independence referendum with the most votes received?
Tell me aircraft family whose name has the word wapiti in it.
What disease is treated by niacin?
Who owns YouTube as well as the parent agency Alphabet Inc?
St. Joseph the patron saint of which municipality in Guatemala?
What are dog breed which start with the letter w
WHICH IS THE BRANCH OF PHYSICS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD THERMODYNAMICS IN THEIR NAME
Who was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Director?
What  replaced  for  Livorno  has  head of government  like  Nicola Badaloni ?
tell me open content founded by Larry Sanger starts with w
What is time of continent Thrissur?
Who is the leader of the KGB?
What is the Die Hard film series
Who is the stadium operator for Clemson University
Who developed the Enterprise Application Server?
What is the capital of Tuscany that has a twin city named Asmara?
Which is the narrow-body airliner for the disjoint union of the Airbus A320?
which civil war starts with the letter w
Which city of the United States that is enclave within of Los Angeles.
What is the chrysanthemum taxonomic type?
Who was made advisor of Madonna with child and saints?
What are the data structure which start with the letter tree
What is the musical score of Ave Verum Corpus that has a career in music pedagogue?
In what country is Sindh located?
What country in the Russian empire did Fyodor Dostoyevsky die in?
What is the position of William Archibald Dunning as a member of the American Historical Association?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
Which is the village which contains the word tonbak in it's name?
What is method of murder of István Fekete, which has used for treatment is PLAU?
what is health specialty starts name s
Which pseudonym described in PlusPedia is used by the fewest children?
What was Arnold Schwarzenegger's role in The Terminator?
Who wrote part of the Balada de un dia de Julio?
What was the national anthem of Ottoman Empire?
What is the twin cities of the birth location of Betty Sun?
Which state of Australia replaces Northern Territory?
Where is place of death of Helen Keller that is located in the administrative territorial entity is Connecticut?
How many stars are in the same galaxy as Jupiter?
WHo was Julia Roberts mother?
Name the institution whose alumni is Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn who asmin HQ is in Austin?
who is the railway bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
which is the birth location of Harold C.Schonberg?
tell me ballet name starts with the letter t
Who is the human for professional or sports partner of Scott Moir
What university, which includes the University of Michigan College of Pharmacy, did Edward Higgins White attend?
Which is the list of historical unrecognized state for Jefferson Davis as head of government?
What is the diplomatic relation of Cambodia whose national anthem is Hatikvah?
Who is the person for the patron saint of Rome?
What is female about Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, which is not the same as a man?
who are the member and member of political party for Nikita_Khrushchev
What monumental paintings did Michel de Montaigne create?
When was the ancient Roman Empire in power?
Which is the regression analysis that is used by the logistic regression analysis and contains the word logistic in it's name?
What is phosphine like?
What position was H. H. Asquith elected to?
What is the architecture firm that is based in Saint Longinus?
Which state has the oldest Canadian diplomats?
Tell me mythical place whose name has the word youdu in it.
what are the alcohol which start with the letter y
Which is the regulatory body of the language written by James Madison?
What award did 12 Angry Men get at the 7th Berlin International Film Award
Which is the record or record progression for Strait of Gibraltar?
What is the name of a battle that has the word siege in it.
What is an art genre that contains the word ōkubi in its name.
An alumnus of the University of Toulouse, for whom is Fermet's principle named?
What position did Gregory IX hold when he was replaced by Ottaviano di Paoli?
What is the previous membership of James Prescott Joule?
In which country can you find the history of India?
Who was Abigail Adams married to, and how did it end?
Who taught the manager of Yuri Larionov?
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
What is the work of Joseph Campbell and is apart from interpreter?
What is the maximum cruising speed of a Maersk E-class container ship?
Who gave theportrayed by of fork of of Can't Help Falling in Love?
What physical theory starts with the letter t?
Which is the temporal range start of Cambrian?
Who built the computing platform MS-DOS?
Which award was received by Ilya Frank together with Pavel Cherenkov?
What is our diplomatic relation to the place of origin of the katana?
Which is genetic association of illness of Adnan Khashoggi?
Name a website published by News Corporation that starts with letter M
What is a statement that describes an equilateral triangle?
What is the theory of relativity used for?
Which legal station has high life expectancy?
What field gun has the longest firing range?
What is unveiled by Nursultan Nazarbayev?
When did software for developer of Julian Assange?
What type of employment does the son of Cynisca have?
What championship starts with the letter w?
What are Symptoms of Leukemia
What is the genetic association of obesity that is determined by TAS?
What position does Bill Russell play and who is he married to?
What is the satellite that orbits Earth and has international in it's name?
Which diagnostic test contains the word zweigläserprobe in their name
What's the mkhare for Bilbao's twinned administrative body?
What French youth football team is Zinedine Zidane part of?
What is the extreme point lowest of United States Virgin Islands, that has tributary is Magdalena River?
What city or area in the Philippines governed by a mayor has the lowest fiscal tax revenue?
What atmospheric optical phenomenon starts with s?
What is the sovereign state of Citizenship country of Vladimir Lenin
What is trend of scriptwriter by The Europeans?
What is the name of the canal that runs through Munich?
Who is the student of Odilon Redon?
What is the history and location of origin of The Velvet Underground?
Which is the single entity of population for the official residence of Parthian Empire?
What record label does the rock band Korn record under?
Which is afflicts result of lindane?
What is family of Akhenaten?
Who is sponsor of Neymar?
which sports laegue starts with the letter s
What is a political alignment that starts with the letter 'R'?
To what office did Joe Byrd succeed Wilma Mankiller?
Who influenced Roald Dahl's career?
Which is the location of discovery of lanthanum?
Where is the location of death for Henry VI of England, whose partner town is Berlin?
Tell me television station whose name has the word åland24 in it.
Tell me legal status whose name has the word status in it.
Name a space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that contains the word voyager in its name
Tell me the ensemble that has architectural style as Islamic art of the Emirate and the Caliphate and that contains the word alhambra in it's name?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
Name a measurable physical quantity that contains the word mass in its name
Where in Connecticut did Addison Mort Walker die?
What school did Antonin Scalia attend and what was his major?
What is the reservoir with the largest watershed in the Alps?
Who is the player that was part of the player event of Juan Gris?
What is the birth place of Antonius Pius which is located in the administrative territorial entity of Lanuvium?
What is the name of the cat owned by Jacinda Ardern?
What is the birthplace of Rudolf Koegel?
Where was the Revolution of 1905, which is observed as a holiday called Russia Day?
What award did Alan Hollinghurst receive for his work in The Folding Star?
Tell me the performing arts genre that begins with the letter v
Name a disease associated with the gene LAMC1 that contains the word cancer in its name
Tell me the regional organization that shares borders with South Sudan and contains the word arab in it's name?
What city is a twin administrative to Lahore?
tell me mountain name starts with z
What is the namesake of Maxwell relations, whose place of work is Cambridge?
What was the award received from Chris Hemsworth that declared the winner as Tom Hiddleston?
Which private Catholic school has the lowest total expenditure?
What is the highest award given in science and engineering by Padma Vibhushan?
who characters of based upon of vesele zene vindzorske?
Which bank has the most total equity?
Which multinational corporation employs Steve Bannon?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of films shot at the location of Kuala Lumpur?
Which US settlement has the lowest number of households?
Rama was a character of which national epic?
Which is the culture of writing system in Old_English?
What internet presence does the voice actor Jerry Seinfeld have.
Name an English spoken radio network that starts with letter N
What city is named for St. Paul?
Who is the partner of Michel Foucault
Who's last meal was white wine?
Tell me relation whose name has the word zustandszahl in it
Who is the parent of John ll Komnenos having death place at Constantinople?
Toyota is a division of another automobile marque, which one?
What is the middle name of Francis Frith that has the equivalent of Frans?
What are theprogramming language which start with the letter x
By whom is the designer of the Burj Khalifa employed?
What is the first described of Twelve-tone technique whose pupil is Eduard Steuermann?
What are the accomplishments of Benjamin Thorpe's teacher?
When did hotel for location of Manhattan?
Tell me naval battle whose name has the word beard in it.
What was Kundun by Philip Glass nominated for?
Which is influenced by Søren Kierkegaard?
What area does Communist Party of the Soviet Union has jurisdiction upon?
What country succeeded the Nerva-Antonine dynasty?
Who is The Jungle Book's publisher and illustrator?
What Taiwanese election for the President and Vice President of China had the fewest ballots cast?
What award did Ian Thorpe received for swimming at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay?
For what reason Gene Kelly was in nomination for Anchors Aweigh?
Is there a bibliography and case number for Planned Parenthood vs. Casey?
Who is the elder brother of William who is known politician?
At what opera did librettist Philip Glass play in?
Who is the employer of Georges Dumezil when he was a professor?
Name the most soluble flammable liquid that contains chlorine.
What is the chromosome of SCT?
Which musician preceeds Parisian Solos?
Which has melody of Das Lied der Deutschen?
Which players join the Gao Ling?
Is sulfur dioxide harmful to humans?
Which is the mythology for the culture of Hittites?
who is nominee of favorite player of Ray Bradbury?
Which is the opera by the librettist of Giuseppe Giacosa that contains the word tosca in it's name?
What are the tributaries of the river which the Incheon Bridge spans?
who zenith of parent range of rockchuck peak?
What newspaper has the largest Alexa rank?
Can you say which area in Tenerife has the highest cosmic background radiation?
Who is the National member of Aileen Wuornos?
Tell me the part of speech that starts with the letter v.
Which is the aspect ratio for high-definition television?
What historical Chinese state replaces Yuan dynasty?
Can you name the species of omnivore with the longest observed lifespan?
What is an anime television series that contains the word yatterman in its name?
what is the located in the administrative territorial entity for email giles has place of birth as odessa?
What maintenance is connected with Tochigi Prefecturual Road Route 175?
What is Russian language regulatory body.
Who replaced Macbeth, King of Scotland as the Monarch of Scotland?
What is the twin town of the city of birth of Edward Burnett Tylor?
What subtopic of Moscow's history contains the division called the Khoroshyovsky District?
The municipality of the Netherlands ESkisehir where has its administrative body and with the maximum employers?
What is the taxon with the minimum genome size whose instance of is taxon?
Name the architectural structure with maximum number of elevators?
Which subsidiary company of Alstom has it's head quarters in London?
Which is the mouthpiece of Pravda?
What are the creation myth which start with the letter d
Who is the 3D film for takes place in fictional universe of Marvel Cinematic Universe
What sport has the least amount of players according to the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia?
Who is the pupil of the tutor Miguel Ángel Estrella?
Which international organizations headquarters are located in Strasbourg?
What chemical compound is considered a Class IB flammable liquid and has a maximum peak exposure limit?
Moon Jae-in is the leader of what country?
Who gave thefounder of owner of Bigbig Studios?
Which is the institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences that has Russian as a regulatory language?
Publius Aelius Hadrianus Afer is the son of which characters in Memoirs of Hadrian?
If I am looking for people associated with the voivodeship of Lusaka, is it correct to write Category:People from Lusaka Province?
Tell me inner plant whose name has the word venus in it.
Which body regulates the Dutch language?
Name an economic union that has strong ties with Switzerland that contains the word E  in its name
What is award received from Wong Kar - wai that is working is Wild Being Days?
Which is the official language of the jurisdiction of the International Covenant of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights?
Who is the daughter of the Unfinished Symphony's film director?
Who is the titleholder of the honor of Evangelina Vigil-Piñón?
Where was the accident located of Hugo Münsterberg?
Tell me a treatment used for the medical condition of lidocaine?
Emmanuelle Alt is the editor for Vogue in which country?
What country for Pius IX has the birth place of Senigallia?
tell me the port city with the highest point that starts with lettter b in Tibidabo.
Which dwarf planet follows (134339) 5628 T-3 and which that starts with the letter p
which state of india starts with letter u
Who is the patron saint of Paris?
What is the name of the mascot bulldog of Georgetown University?
the statement is subject of for Minnesota has shares border with as North Dakota?
Who is the office holder for the public office of Salman of Saudi Arabia?
What what is ice giant parent astronomical body Sun which that starts with letters u
Who is the disciple of Louise Elisabeth Vigee Le Brun that has a major work called the Portrait of a Negress?
Which is the historical aspect of the facet of Hungary?
What are the aircraft model which start with the letter t
What book of the Bible is written in Hebrew?
What religion is Anton LaVey?
What award did Linus Pauling receive?
What is that has of
what is the replaced by Kevin Rudd has position held as Prime Minister of Australia?
Who are the cast members of Days of our Lives and when did it end?
What type of taxon is higher taxon of Arthropoda?
what are the metabolite starts with v
Which stadium is the home venue of F.C. Porto?
What is the academic discipline created by the founder of Junta de la Victoria?
who is makes use of sports Martin Lang
What are the railway tunnel which start with the letter T
What is the fidelity claimed by Armee de Vinchy?
What are the side effects of the drug used for treatment for cocaine overdose?
What is the currency used in the Soviet Union?
Who gave thethemed after of music genre of Tapestry?
Tell me the sister city of the death place of Adolph Sulyomi-Schulmann
Which is owned and founded by American_Broadcasting_Company?
What is named for Mira variable in Omicron Ceti III satellite?
What is the secret police of Lavrentiy Beria's military branch?
Which nomination did Shelley Winters receive for her work in A place in the Sun?
What airplane has the maximum wingspan?
What is  participant of  the  award received  of  Larisa Latynina  is  Olympic gold medal ?
What are the diplomatic rank which start with the letter permanent
What is the name of Napoleon horse?
Tell me game whose name has the word zauberturm in it
Which is the chief executive of builder of Jazz?
The business company Comcast follows whom?
Who is born at Sofonisba Anguissola whose borders are Getafe?
which unit of time with the highest wikidata time precision whose measured physical quantity is time?
Which member has the occupation of a coroner?
Czechoslovakia has diplomatic relations with what sovereign state?
WHich is represented by Kevin Hart?
What is a chemical compound encoded by CGU with the word arginine in its name?
Which fungicide has the highest electric dipole moment??
What are the hydroxide salts which start with the letter hydroxide
World Heritage of Yosemite National Park is?
which isotope of Platinum has the lowest binding energy
Who is L'eroe cinese married to?
Which history of topic and the category of associated people is Ottoman_Empire?
Which party member was a suspect in the German presidential election of 2009?
WHICH IS ARRODISSEMENTS OF COUNTRY SEAT FOE YAREN DISTRICT
What are the historical profession which start with the letter z
Give me words that contain the word warhead in their name
What archaeological site starts with the letter w?
What is a main topic of history concerning Georgia being bordered by Alabama.
What number of century breaks does human have?
What is the political alignment of Asahi Shimbun?
Name the quantum particle with the least amount of magnetic moment that is part of the isotope of neutronium?
Tell me the sexual orientation of Rocco Siffredi.
What were the immediate effects ot the Battle of Fort Sumter?
What is the featured work of Sonic the Hedgehog that has the voice of actor Dennis Haysbert?
Who is the designer of Phahonyothin Road?
Who is George H. W. Bush's granddaughter?
How many points of Tom Finney Team?
who is chancellor for aspect history of Delaware?
Who is the tennis event for victory of Rod Laver
What is the location of work for Anais Nin, that's municipalities are the 7th Arrondissement in Paris?
At which field of study is Jacques Halbronn a supervisor?
Which is the colonial empire that has as basic form of government the constitutional monarchy and that contains the word british in it's name?
who is nominated for Natalie Wood that has work of Splendor in the Grass?
WHAT IS THE ULTIMATE CAUSE OF NOODLE
What are the band concept which start with the letter Z
Name the rural district of Germany that shares its border with Munich.
Where in Essex can we find Sarah Miles' birthplace?
When did the United States presidential inauguration for Donald Trump take place?
What deity is depicted in the Sermon on the Mount
Which county seat is in the Indian reserve of of A Capela?
How do you call someone who is practicing veganism?
What is the protein, found in its related taxon, in Homo sapiens?
What is Babirusa's taxon parent's taxonomic rank in the tribe?
Hurling is practiced by which occupation?
CAN YOU DESCRIBE THE WORK OF DEPICTION OF DAVID SLAYING GOLIATH?
What musician preceeds 'We're from America'?
who is the fictional clone of a sidekick of superman?
Who is Anna Jagiellon married to and why did she get divorced?
who religious text for published in of book of mormon?
Name a big city that contains the word łódź  in its name
tell me agglutinative language that Ethnologue language status 3 Wider Communication name has the word esperantoin in it
What type of fuel does Blue Origin make?
What statement is Uzbekistan is a subject of in diplomatic Pakistan-Uzbekistan relations?
Who encoded that physically interacts with L-Phenylalanine?
He was 88 and had reigned for 41 years. Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV was buried on 19 September 2006 at Malaʻe Kula (the Royal cemetery) in the Tongan capital, Nukuʻalofa.
Which is the city and state for the twinned administrative body of Auckland?
Gertrude Stein is the librettist of which opera?
What is the public office with the lowest base salary whose country is Republic of New Granada?
What is the place where they filmed featured in work of Chewbacca?
When did Eric Gairy's position as Prime Minister of Grenada end?
When did noble title of Guy of Lusignan and follows?
Which medal did Dara Torres receive for swimming in the Women's 50 metre freestyle during the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Ted Stevens was in what branch of the military until when?
Does the Unforgivable Curse cause immediate death
What did executive director Suzanne Greco create?
Which countries were located within the Soviet Union prior to its dissolution?
Who was the head of the government of Tamil Nadu before O. Panneerselvam?
What is a name of a dog that begins with the letter w.
Who was in charge before Josef Kramer?
What is the constituent state with the highest individual tax rate whose located in time zone is Atlantic Time Zone?
For what movie was Jerry Goldsmith nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score?
Which is influenced by Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling?
Is John Dickson Carr's first name the same as the name Joao?
WHICH IS THE INDUSTRY THAT STARTS WITH U
That time zone is Poitiers located in for daylight savings time?
What is the company owned by Bill Gates?
Who had the most votes on the Amendment to the Constitution of Ireland?
Which industry produces butter?
At RWTH Aachen University what is eponym of wiens displacement law?
What are the topics, in chronological order, of Irina Rossius?
What award did Padmini Kolhapure, whose top dog is Lakshmi, win?
What caused the October Revolution?
Die Zeit is described by what source?
Who was the main actress in Guiding Light?
Which municipality of Norway shares its border with Oslo?
Who is the publisher of scientific journal Society of Jesus?
What are the city-state which start with the letter v
What parliamentary group had Michael Collins as Deputy to the Dáil?
Who reprinted the Death of a Salesman book?
Who is the lyricist of the EMI label produced song 'Imagine'?
Tell me mountain whose name has the word zumsteinspitze in it.
Which ortholog gene is associated with INS?
Which is the disease the caused the death of Lou Gehrig?
Which is the municipality of the Netherlands that shares border with Rotterdam?
What is the archive with the most data size whose owned by is Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.?
what is in the next higher rank of consul?
Who designed Structured Query Language?
What is the mascot of Georgia institute of Technology?
What is treated by isoflurane?
What is murder method of Fernandel, which has signs is wheeze?
Who was the spouse of Liam Neeson and what caused the end of the marriage?
What is spin-off of Cheers?
Which Suezmax has the highest net tonnage?
Which taxon has the highest observed lifespan?
What method was used to determine the genetic association of GFRA3 and smallpox?
Name the videogame studio that developped Pong
What Piano Sonata No. 8 music is associated with the iron overload disorder?
What is the religious affiliation of the victim of the Battle of Stalingrad?
what are the media franchise starts with t
What action did shareholders in Malibu take?
What is the launch contractor for Arianespace?
What is the part of the constellation is the child's body in HD 4208?
Which human has the highest EGF rating?
What did Jim Kublin participate as in the event?
What is the 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with the most laps completed whose sponsor is Bentley?
List the codes for DRD2
Where is the copy of the book, Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica written by Isaac Newton?
Who is the person of the native language of Yiddish?
What is the aspect of the president in History of Tonga?
Who are the spouses of the characters from Batman: Haunted Knight?
Who is the employer of Giosuè Carducci?
What role Edward Burnett Tylor played to contribute to publish Dictionary of National Biography?
What lake on the Baja California Peninsula has the Tenmile Creek tributary?
Who is theacademic institution for subsidiary of Clemson University
Name a mathematical function whose notation is made with a radical sign and that contains the word root in its name
Where is the death location of Paul Castellano whose death location is also adjacent to Queens
What is the county seat of the death location of Sylvia Plath?
Which minor plane that starts with '9
Which city in Belgium shares a border with Bruges?
Tell me the law of thermodynamics which contains the word law in it's name!
What is Electronic Gaming Monthly's review score?
What is the quasar with the highest redshift whose discoverer or inventor is William Herschel?
What is the head quarters of Interpol whose forefather is Saint-Rambert-I'lle-Barbe?
When was John A. MacDonald replaced as a member of the House of Commons?
How did Pete Maravich die, and what was the team and speciality that he played?
What prize was awarded in the work of the Simpson family?
Did J.K. Simmons graduate from the College of Clinical and Translational Science at Ohio State University?
Which is the antihydrogen isotope of proton?
Tell me Wikimedia list article whose name has the word nuts in it.
In what partner town of Santo Domingo was Francis Bedford born?
Who is the inventor of plutonium, that lived in US?
Who is Elizabeth II's proxy in Canada?
Who is a member of The Cure?
Which is the exhibition history of Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
Which is the Southampton shipwrecking start point containing the word rms?
What was the position held by Mahmud of Ghazn after replacingMohammad Ghaznavi?
Which is the permanent residency for Andy Lau?
What was the position Edward the Confessor held when he replaced Harthacanute?
What label released the album Melting the Crown?
what is an algorithm that contains the word system in their name
What is the largest team size at the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race?
Which countries are located in the Himalayas?
Which award did Simon Schama receive for Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution?
When was Enoch Powell elected and what position did they hold?
What year did Ruth Benedict receive her PhD?
Is the ward of Thường Tín located next to a body of water?
What are the poem which start with the letter t
what is the subject of the history of Asia, that has time zone is Magadan
How much did Tim Cahill score when playing for which team?
Who is the human for creator of Star Trek
Name a doll created by Mattel that contains the word ken  in its name
What nation is Mohamed Boudiaf diplomatically related to?
Which medical test starts with the letter t?
Who gave the interaction of antiparticle of of strange quark?
Where in Austria is the University of Vienna headquarters located?
What was the cause of Mahatma Gandhi's actions?
which is sister birth city of Ludmilla Siim?
what is geological epoch starts with w
Who had influenced France Prešeren, who worked as a translator?
What has the Symptom of Polymerization, and the Antonym of Oligomer?
Who is prizewinner of nomination received of Adrien Brody?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
What regulates (molecular biology) for fertilization?
Who was the stepparent of Napolean.
What is the name of cyclone with the small substained winds?
What were the battles undertook by Joan of Arc
When the death of the Marat has been confirmed as murder?
Which smallest planet has the lowest longitude of ascending noed i the scattered disc?
Does the isotope of hydrogen decay into tritium
What are the SI base unit which start with the letter second
Tell me form factor whose name has the word ultrabook in it.
What comes after sodium on the periodic table
What is the European Union's legislative body and its highest judicial authority?
WHICH IS THE CLASS II COMBUSTIBLE LIQUID WITH THE MAXIMUM DYNAMIC VISCOSITY
WHO IS THE CHILDREN THAT SCOTT WADE TEAMS PLAYED FOR?
Which watercraft has the highest gross tonnage?
WHICH IS THE STATISTICAL INFERENCE STARTS WITH B
What is the name of the deathplace of Tullio Levi-Civita that also borders Pomezia?
Which party is headed by Anabella Azin?
Which time of lives in Ludwig Erhard?
Which is the original combination and the parent taxon of Leopard?
What is type of death for pupils of Alfred Tarski?
Ambrose holds what idea about their position as the ultimate importance?
Who is the original air channel of series part of Werewolves of Highland?
What was the immediate cause of World War I?
Who is the doctor of B. F. Skinner?
What is the property and subsidiary of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer?
Tell me economic activity whose name has the word vehices in it name
What is decreased expression in bipolar disorder?
Who replaced Napoleon III as president of the French Republic?
Which is diplomatic relation of location of discovered object of krypton?
What are the paintings that represent the Tower of Babel?
What is contributor(s) to the creative work of Donald Duck that is object has role is character animator?
What are the children of Euphorion of Eleusis famous for?
Name a state function measured by a thermometer that contains the word temperature in its name
Which animal species can hear the lowest frequencies?
What drug caused the death of Calvin Coolidge?
What is Eugene lonesco of country due to place of death of France?
Who is the exemplar of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians?
Dante Alighieri is the writer of what article??
If Jóhan is the first name equivalent of Jack Blackman; what is the last name equivalent?
For what was Juliette Lewis in nomination at the 64th Academy Awards?
What was the college attended by Alexander Dubcek, which precedes the Academy of Social Sciences of the Central Committee of CPSU?
Where is the jurisdiction of Communist party of Soviet Union?
Which is the electoral district of Szeged?
Who are Bette Midler's child and spouse?
What is the family relationship of Eva Braun with Edmund Hitler?
In what position did Jean-Antoine-Nicolas de Caritat de Condorcet replace Jean-Paul Grandjean de Fouchy?
Tell me colossal statue whose name has the word statue in it
Tell me phase whose name has the word hydrogen in it.
Who gave thetrend of sculptor of No. F?
For what was Melvyn Douglas nominated for the 36th Academy Awards?
what are the biological process which starts with the letter v
Was Tina Turner originally from Switzerland?
What government is headed by the partner town of Netanya?
What is Arthur Phillip's sign language alphabet?
Who is Frida Kahlo's sibling?
Who is the mother of Harold Godwinson and the child of the Gunhild of Wessex?
Name the award shared by Christopher A. Pissarides along with Dale T. Mortensen.
Who has influence of language of mod_perl?
In what Free imperial city did twinned administrative body of Auckland from?
who is the partner of Pablo Picasso?
What awards has Aruna Irani received?
What is the country of origin of Claudio Pressich?
What is Mike Myer's Producer's film?
Who are designated as terrorist by the Arab League?
What is painting of Astronomical Observations: Jupiter?
Which is military branch of engineering?
Who was Maurice Merleau-Ponty studying under, that was born at Bar-le-Duc?
Who studied the musical score Mozart's Requiem?
Which is used language of Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales, that has typology is subject–verb–object?
What is the original language of work for Sinhala?
Name the quantum particle that has the most electric charge and has boson parts?
How does neutrino interact?
What are the names of the twin cities of Corinth adjacent to Salvitelle?
What was the cauae of death of Alfred Jarry, which had pott diaease as an effect?
Which is the fictional lion in the characters of The Lion King?
What are the type of quantum particle which start with the letter o
What can be the language regulator body of Latin for language regulator
TELL ME THE SIGNS OF LYME DISEASE TREATMENT?
What does Pedigree Petfoods Make?
Name the fastest transportation in Japan with less patronage?
What is stated on the Berlin Wall?
Tell me first principle whose name has the word structure in it.
German Democratic Republic claimed the territory of which sovereign state?
What countries celebrate Christmas as a public holiday?
What type of music genre is hard rock
Who is the street for named after of Niels Bohr
Tell me the Wikimedia category for employees of Arizona State University.
Which is the city of Jared Leto which has a twin city called Bordeaux?
Who is the developer of the turbine NSU Spider?
What is the smallest mountain in Europe?
What is geography of Melbourne of geography of topic, that has Cate Blanchett is location born?
Which 2018 FIFA World Cup team played the most matches?
What was the name of the spacecraft made for crew members of Alan Shepard?
Which is said to be different from of cloud, whose language of URL is creole language?
What fan convention starts with the letter v?
Name the divide and conquer algorithm discovered by Tony Hoare that contains the word quicksort in its name
What is outcome of fertilizer for crane?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
What is the highest level of judicial authority in the institution of the European Union?
Which the Showrunner of the series of protest?
What is the University board for the subsidary of the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Where did the author of A Dance to the Music of Time die?
What is the 50 Cent filmography filmography?
Name the Core 2 Duo CPU with the fastest FSB speed?
Which airline alliance does KLM belong to?
Which Russian arena has the highest capacity?
Which is candidate of Battle of Oudenarde, that has diplomatic relation is Japan?
What did Logo develop which resided in the U.S.A?
Who is Ralph Vaughan Williams's pupil?
Name a salad invented in Tijuana that contains the word caesar  in its name
What is Zac Efron's timezone?
who child of has brother of Arthur Baldwin, 3rd earl baldwin of bewdley?
Who is the plaintiff for the Federal Communications Commission?
Which is the inhibitor of tannic acid?
What is the olympic record for sprinting?
tell me about the position that martin McGuinness elected in?
What is the international parliament led by the President of the United Nations General Assembly that contains the word assembly in its name?
Who is the film director of The Powerpuff Girls whose forename is Gennadi?
Name the medicine field related to pregnancy that starts with letter W
What is in the category described by source of Mardonius?
what is in the ammunition of rocket engine?
Which suicide attack instigated the War on Terror?
What are the gene that encode Insulin, isoform CRA_a and which that starts with the letter i
What is the FA Cup Final with the highest attendance for football sports?
Which is the place of burial for Katowice?
We were informed by Ben Okri that his hometown is in the Hercules Building that is right?
What what is archaeological site World Heritage criteria(iii) and also which starts with letter t
Which is the city designated by government ordinance which starts with ō?
What is an active member of Salvador Dali?
Who died in of authors of Oedipus Rex?
What star of the film Manhattan got their education at the University of Chicago?
What is the region of Perth has wards such as the Shire of Cunderin?
Who is Sebastian Pinera's nominee?
What is the type of film of the extended from of Extended Common Object File Format?
Give me the name of award received of Lin-Manuel Miranda that is winner is Alex Lacamoire?
What is the vaccine used to prevent Hepatitis A?
which has has the highest sublimation temperature?
Which award did Roland Matthes receive when he competed in the Men's 200 metre backstroke at the 1968 Summer Olympics?
Which is the one responsible commander for John Ledyard's headed branch
Name the grinder model with the highest sound power level?
Where is administrative territorial entity located for Robert Burns has place of birth as Alloway?
What is Soviet Union's office held by head of state and its office held by head of government?
What is the PhD advisor of Roger Cotes best known for?
Name the taxon with the longest subclass of HIV?
Who was the actress that was mentioned in Red Skull?
What is the ice giant with the lowest flattening whose described by source is Otto's encyclopedia?
Who is the screenwriter of Mr. Bean?
What luxury yacht has the lowest beam?
Name the programming language used to describe the dialect of Fortran.
What is the Commonwealth realm of Australian history for the history of topic
What is the political party of Albert Camus?
What is the history of animation and what product or material is produced by this animation?
What is the hub and who is the owner of Shandong Airlines?
What is the occupation of Uesugi Kenshin, whose competitor is Shibata Katsuie?
tell me sovereign state which name has the word yugoslavia in it
When did Guglielmo Marconi and his wife get married?
Which is the construction material of the plays of John Paul Jones?
Name a sidekick of Batman
What was the sovereign state for the diplomatic relations of the German Democratic Republic?
What is the game mode and method for playing Pac-Man?
Who is responsible for the Russian economy?
What is the first name of William Wilkerson, that is the same as Will?
What is the proximate result of using pickling?
When did educated at of C. Vann Woodward and academic major?
Which bridge was Zaha Hadid an architect for?
What is Fidel Castro's communist party for the member of the political party.
What position did Arianna Huffington hold when she was employed by The Detroit Project?
Which is birth location of Anne Perry, which has office of head of government is Mayor of London?
Which lake water body has the longest vertical depth?
Who is the human for mother of Francisco Franco
Which commune of France is a twinned administrative body of Cardiff?
What employment is portrayed by Alonso Quijano?
Who is the actress of Once Upon a Time in the West?
When did position held of Charles Stewart Parnell and elected in?
What sport does the sister of Khristo Etropolski partake in?
What is Jennifer Hudson's hair and eye color?
Which is the de facto standard named after the luminiferous aether and whose name contains the word ethernet?
Name a biblical character that contain the word  yael in its name
What is technetium and how was it discovered?
What was Jenny Thompson received participating in 1996 Summer Olympics?
Which is the literature work that had Hebrew as a language of work?
Who is the record producer of Duck Hunt that died in Komatsu?
Where is the death location of Amon Goth, which has twin cities named Milan?
What's the Betelgeuse constellation constellation?
What player conflict did the 61st Infantry Division have?
Which antiparticle in aphoton?
What is the leaf of this taxon source of Spinacia oleracea?
Which is the federal state that was a participant in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Which is the birth city of Mamoru Miyano , that have indigenous council namely Saitama Prefectural Assembly?
What was discovered at Astatine that is in the country of Lesotho?
What is the Arabic organization of diplomacy, for the Kingdom of Arabia.
What is the series in work of Waluigi?
What noble title is given to Louis II of Italy followed by Charles the Bald?
What criteria was used for the world junior records in athletics?
what is the grammatcal mood of turkish
Which star has the most points?
Where is the road bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
what are the fantastique genre which contains the word sorcery in their name
what is the statement is subject for turkey has diplomatic relation as morocco?
Which isotope of xenon has the most natural abundance?
Which is the tributary of the outflow of Minho River?
Which inferior planet has the longest synodic period?
What is the birth place of Syrian Darley Arabian?
When did Commonwealth realm for currency of Australian dollar?
Which is the operating area for Democracy Now!?
Was Clement I's middle name the same as Klemen?
What administrative territorial entity of Russia starts with the letter t?
What is the current edition of Hamlet?
How much did Tim Cahill score when playing for which team?
Who wrote the musical score of Illya Darling?
Which Amendments to the Constitution of Ireland have the largest number of spoiled votes?
Who is the father of Errol Flynn?
Who is the art movement for discoverer or inventor of Claude Monet
What is the TV program created by Ellen DeGeneres?
Which is the sovereign state for the currency pound sterling?
Who is the composer of Die Walküre?
Tell me which diatomic nonmetal oxidises fastest?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Who is the writer of Utopia, whose political seat is Lord Chancellor?
Jefferson Davis is the head of government for which constitutional republic?
What is the prize received by Anne Baxter that has winners like Wendy Hiller?
Which is the professional services firm which contains the word kpmg in it's name?
who is the country code top-level domain for top-level Internet domain of German Democratic Republic?
how many member active in for Lysander Spooner?
What are the academic discipline which start with the letter transplantology
What ideology do the members of Patrick Harrington follow?
Where is Sergei Diaghilev's house in the Capital of Perm Krai?
What are the all written works of Orson Welles?
What is named after November in Czech?
Who is in the voivodeship of of works at of Alan Watson?
Where was Christian liturgy founded?
Which literary award did John Steinbeck receive?
Which is position held of Francis that is of is San Roberto Bellarmino?
linked data structure film studio
Which is the diagnostic test of the health specialty of anatomical pathology that starts with the letter p?
What is it?
What are the religion and the sex of Steve Wozniak?
which sculpturewith the maximum horizontal depth whose instance of is sculpture?
What country is Benghazi located in?
For what role was Joanne Woodward nominated for a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Miniseries or Television Movie?
Who gave theparent company of of regulatory body of Armenian?
Who is the founder of Tamara Ecclestone working for?
What is the location of narrative of the Tropic of Cancer that has towns in the 11th arrondissement of Paris?
Tell me legendary figure whose name has the word etain in it
Which is the college attended by the developer of pasteurization?
In which country is the territory of Tripura?
What is the  academic major  for  Alexey Navalny  as  UCA (Sin embargo no terminó el primer semestre) ?
What is the language of work and the lyrics for West Side Story were written by who?
Which is the child body part of the constellation of HD 152079?
Which is son who has brother of Victoria Cary?
What nominations did Silence of the Lambs receive for the 64th Academy Awards?
What are the peace treaty which start with the letter t
What is the alumna of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, whose listed status is the place listed on the National Register of Historic Places?
Which form of currency is in use in Loving Virginia?
WHEN DID THE SATELLITE FOUND THE STAR OF MERCURY?
What is the station of the series of We'll Always Have Cyprus?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter engrxiv
Who are the characters from the narrative of Sigurd?
What are the brain region that starts with the letter t
Who is the screenwriter for The Birth of a Nation
What is the name of the crude drug that contains monoclinic crystal system and has gypsium in its name?
Name the newest NMHH rating category that replaces category IV?
Chemical compounds are studied in what branch of science?
Give the name of the most memory capacity smartphone by the Android Nougat operating system?
Which is the contains settlement of Utrecht?
Which software company's CEO is Gabe Newell?
Which is a target of Eldridge Cleaver?
Where in the HQ location of Transparency International is the border?
Which division is the team of Tallan Martin in?
What is the position held by Bonar Law who is elected in UK Parliamentary by-election?
what is designer of IV final fantasy?
which island with the highest width whose country is norway?
Name the gas that can cause formaldehyde exposure?
Tell me the newcast whose presenter is Steve Kroft and starts with number 6!
What is the archeological site named after Qin Shi Huang?
Who is the chairman that developed ARPANET?
What is the subject stated in Los Angeles Times which is differ from subject in Butch-Wilt feud?
Did Igor Stravinsky become the winner of the The Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award was?
Who is the closest female relative?
tell me mausoleum that World Heritage criteria that starts with letter m
Which star is part of the constellation, WASP-13b?
What country of the Russian Empire is the birth place of Feodor Chaliapin?
What is the extrasolar planet in the constellation Centaurus with the greatest (M sin i)?
Who is Rafael Nadal's coach?
What government office pays tribute to the Church of St Peter.
What is the named after and the followed by of Electron?
The word bocce is contained in which game variant
What part of The Birth of Venus was based on Jupiter?
What are the legal concept which start with the letter s
What partner city of Oakland is in the principal area of Santiago de Cuba Province?
IBM has employees Wikimedia category?
Who is the person in the head of state of Tokugawa Shogunata?
When and where did Henry I of France and Anne of Kiev get married?
What position is held by Edward Health and when was he elected?
What is the songwriter of Hard Contract known for?
Who is the married child of Tabinshwehti?
How many editions are there of Daniel?
What is dubbed by the described work of Ansem?
What is the area of mathematics that algebraists practice and contain the word algebra in its name.
Which is series of prequel Within a Budding Grove?
Who is Wolf Totem of set location, that has diplomatic relation to Zambia?
When was Tatum O'Neal has received Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Did Pliny the Younger die in Brazil?
who is the position held of Joko Widodo?
who is translated of the translation by nemean ode I?
What award did Ursula K. Guin receive as the the victor over Jacinda Townsend
BEtween what years was ancient Rome active?
What state with the lowest mains voltage is a member of Interpol?
What is the place of activity of Paul Gauguin, that has shires and is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
Name the country associated with Himachal Pradesh.
WHICH IS THE ROMAN AGNOMEN FOR CONSTANTINE THE GREAT
What is the country of citizenship and the occupation of Faith Hill?
In what country did the Watergate Scandal occur?
What is the name of the party that starts with y and occurs on the day of the winter solstice?
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
Which platinum isotope has the most excess mass?
Tell me the name of the smallest collection of artwork that includes a painting of Samson destroying the Temple.
In what position was Frederick John Robinson, 1st Viscount Goderich replaced by Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington?
What does the pancreas innervate?
Which is the royal or noble rank for what is said to be the same as that of Sultan?
Which historic county of England that is enclave within of Leicester?
What position did Thomas Cranmer replace William Warham?
For what work was Frank Lloyd granted an Academy Award for Best Director?
In which museum is Hadrian buried?
Which astronomical survey does the California Institute of Technology operate?
Who was the person that was the child of Alexander Pushkin?
Name an art that starts with the letter T
What gun has the highest firing rate?
What is the ideology of George Steinbrenner political party?
What software does Aeroflot use
What motorcycle model has the least compression ratio and uses water as a coolant?
Name a wizard in Harry Potter.
What is the municipality of Catalonia that has the highest population?
What is the key incident in the death of Vasily I of Moscow?
What San Francisco Bay tributary is the Iburi-Horobetsu River?
Tell me the human-geographic territorial entity that contains the word wielopole in their name
What did Edward Thorndike major in at Harvard University?
What jurisdiction is applied to the limited liability company of which Harry S. Truman was chancellor?
What position is held by Neville Chamberlain and when was he elected?
What kinds of animals are displayed at the Smithsonian Institution?
For which position Emmanuel Macron has been elected?
Which sovereign state of Sofia has the administrative territorial entity?
Name the steam locomotive that is known as a tender locomotive and has the least amount of stroke.
What position did Mikhail Gorbachev hold before being replaced by Vladimir Ivashko?
What is located around Edmonton and who lives there?
What is the treatment for the symptoms of Frailty Syndrome?
Tell me album whose name has the word wall in it.
Who is the CEO of Society of Jesus?
Who was the architect of the Brandenburg Gate
What award Scarlett Johansson received which statement is subject of in 64th Tony Awards?
Who is the father and the spouse of Roger_Waters?
What is the rank of the Taxon Parent of Roe Deer?
What media company is The Economist owned by?
When did position held of Harold Holt and electoral district?
What type of kinship did Mary I of England have with her siblings Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Richmond and Somerset?
What medals has the Royal Philharmonic Society given Herbert von Karajan?
Tell me the public educational institution of the United States in the category for employees of the organization of Clemson University faculty whose name contains the word clemson?
What genetic association caused John Gotti to die?
Which member of originates of Saturday Night Live?
What is the position elected in for Robert Gascoyne - Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury held as Member of the 18th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
For what work was Charles Laughton nominated for at the Academy Award for Best Actor?
What drug, that is partially comprised of oxygen, has the lowest combustion flash point?
Which is the programming paradigm and the developer of SQL?
What State continues from Kwara state and is next to Ekiti State?
When did research center for subsidiary of Brown University?
When and where did Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen get married?
Which quantum particle has the highest electric charge?
Tell me sports club whose name has the word akers in it.
who is the sports season for sport of australian rules football?
Name someone living in Indianapolis
Name a royal rank in Ancient Egypt that contains the word pharaoh in its name
In what country and location did the Battle of the Somme take place?
Which is the international auxiliary language for the country origin of Russian Empire?
What is the 1.1 with the largest number of participants?
What role did Kim Hunter play in 'Gone With The Wind'?
What are the scientific theory which start with the letter universe
Did Emma Thompson win the Academy Award for best Actress?
When does the National Hockey League season starts and what is its sport?
Which highly urbanized city has the highest mains voltage?
Which humans practice the Russian Orthodox religion?
What country shares a border with Iran and Afghanistan?
What are the archives at the Bibliotheque nationale de France?
For what performance was Steven Allen in nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series?
What are the active ingredients of the pharmaceutical product niacin
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
Which weapon model has the highest rate of fire?
tell me about use starts with t
What award did Sandra Bullock receive at the 82nd Academy Awards?
What was Joseph L. Mankiewicz nominated for for his work in 5 fingers?
With geography as the topic, which subject in the history of Maine describes the geography of Maine?
What language is signed in The Walrus and the Carpenter/
Which historical country is Achaemenid Empire the capital of?
Where is the publishing house from The Very hungry Catterpillar ins the town of New York City?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
Which is the programming language of Bitcoin?
Where was Anthony Mundine educated.
Which is the Avion that has home venue the XL Center and contains the word boston in it's name?
Name the private educational institution in Berlin with the most students?
What gene was found to be associated with anorexia nervosa through the TAS method?
What is the male version of the name Abu Bakr
Which equation is often confused with thereof Pi, which comes before the letter P?
Who is the father and mother of Pablo Picasso?
In what sport did Agnes Miegel receive a 1st place medal?
Which is the puppet state of the capital of Vilnius?
What is the name of a sibling duo that starts with the letter v.
Which is the presidential system for Joko Widodo in the head of government?
Which cyclone has the highest atmospheric pressure that was part of the 2008 typhoon season?
Name the least flammable nitrogen-containing class IIIB combustible liquid
What academic supervisor of Al-Shafi'i, encompasses a similar religious affiliation as Sunni Islam?
What legislative body of West Virginia has a part in the West Virginia House of Delegates?
What is the United Arab Emirates diplomatic relation to Serbia?
What is the time zone in the Kochi continent?
Which significant scandal involved Nicolas Sarkozy?
Who gave theconjugate acid of item used of water torture?
Tell me me a war deity whose name consist of the word wadjet and whoseworshipped by religion of ancient Egypt
Tell me about a legal case applying to jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United states and contains the word Maryland in their name
What medication is used to treat cocaine addiction
What is the death location, bordered by Gussago, of Carlo Maria Giulini?
What is the emblem of Notre Dame in Paris
Who received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Spartacus?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for The Third Man?
What is the main building Harry Potter is set in?
Who is the master of the musical score of Songs of sundrie natures?
What is the coach of the part of team of Maciej Śliwowski?
What was the academic discipline of Giovanni Bellini that influenced his paintings?
What is often confused with the badge, that is part of the series that is Law & Order: Criminal Intent?
What's the human difference to Magic Johnson?
When was Menachem Begins Minister without portfolio?
Who gave the AWLD status of second language of Jean Dujardin?
George Weah is in which public office?
Who is the record producer, who also has work as a structural engineer, of Scooby Doo?
What was the British Empire's basic form of government and the category of associated people?
Where is the place of Thomas Gray located?
In what manner did Albrecht von Wallenstein die that was distinguishable from a justifiable homicide?
Who is the international airport for item operated of Delta Air Lines
Give me the solar optical telescope with the largest angular resolution.
Which is the book for the list of works of Xi Jinping?
What are the comedic genre which start with the letter s
Which sovereign state shares a border with the Austrian Empire?
Where were the borders of the Adams-Onis Treaty?
What does meteorology study?
What people and geography are associated with Cornwall?
Who is the incumbent of the political office held by Arthur Drewry?
What minigun, which has rotary cannon, was designed by General Electric?
Which musical is based off of Candide?
Mudanjiang is located in which time zone?
What award did Elizabeth Loftus receive for psychology?
What is the day of the year for the periodic occurrence and also the foods traditionally linked to Christmas?
What is the name of Tom Hanks Spouse
Which is located on the administrative territorial entity for trajan has a place of birth as italica?
Which rural cities have movable object location from Crimean War?
Who replaced Robert Cecil as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster?
Rabah Madjer belongs to which sports team and in how many matches did he represent them?
What is the region that What's Going On comes from?
What is the capital of Japan?
WHAT IS ISLAND OF LOCATION OF MONTREAL
Who is mother of Cloris Leachman
For which role did Hrithik Roshan receive the Filmfare Award for Best Actor?
Where was Lucius Cornelius Sulla, of Roman Republic, born?
Which is the mythical human-animal hybrid that is worshiped by Greek mythology and starts with the letter m?
Which writer was Salman Rushdie's main influence?
Who gave themember of crew of of previous is of Gemini 7?
What type of mathematical function starts with the letter r?
Which run-of-the-river hydro power station has highest installed capacity?
Tell me which automobile manufacturer is in stock exchange of Tokyo Stock Exchange whose name contains the word toyota?
Which is the notable work of John Dickson Carr?
What are the medical procedure which start with the letter v
For what production did Agnes de Mille win the Tony Award for Best Choreography?
Name the property measured by Cattell Culture Fair III that contains the word intelligence in its name
Who is the master of Leonardo da Vinci, who was employed as a sculptor?
What the name of a university that contains the word university in its name?
Which artist inspired the Tempest?
How do you play football?
What what is type of sport indigenous by Celt and also which starts with letter h
What is the name of the husbands of Showrunner in the Walking Dead?
Which museum has the history and rememberence of Jefferson Davis.
What is less than the fundamental state of matter of gas?
In what species is the generic association of Hepatitis B found?
Name a famous invasion that starts with letter m
What genre are the songs in Frozen, the Original Motion Picture's Soundtrack?
What is the name of the video game soundtrack for Grand Theft Auto V?
Who, employed by Fritz Haber, has director Eberhard Umbach?
Which is the human action that starts with letter z?
What is MythBusters' location narrative and outcome in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake?
What position did Sebastian Coe have and why did he stop?
What iis dedicated to Saint Wenceslaus I, Duke of Bohemia?
Which is taxon parent of Fungi imperfecti, that has to be distinguished from is plant?
Which Stuttgart Open has the highest prize money?
What award nomination did Morgan Freeman receive, that had been previously won by Walter Matthau?
What literary genre starts with the letter s?
Which is solved by the prime number of theorem?
What is the file format of the Portable Document Format?
Where are the headquarters of Yuriy Tselykh's team located?
Name a doll created by Mattel that start with letter K
What type of science that studies of due to the seismic wave?
What are the psychoactive which start with the letter o
Who has the best personal record?
Tell me close combat weapon whose name has the word yatagan in it.
which position Chiang Kai-shek holds and when did he select?
What is the specialty sport played by Werner Kooistra?
who ideology of political party of konstantinos karamanlis?
WHO IS THE CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OF GOLDMAN SACHS
What is the work by teacher Jesus Christ?
Which is the leading group unit of Guy Demel's team?
Which international court is located in Strasbourg?
What business is Verizon involved with?
In what country, which has diplomatic relations with Libya, was Sixto Durán Ballén born?
What are the diplomatic relations between Ukraine and Latvia?
Who is the banknote for depicts of Isaac Newton
In which continent is the Chinese art, with Eastern European Time zone?
What does frequency measure and what is a similar measurement to it?
Which is the active ingredient for methadone?
When is the time of the interment in the Trayvon Martin?
Name a multiple star constellation with Centaurus in it that contains the word hd in its name
Tell me boat type whose name has the word yoal in it.
What is the magnetic ordering for ferromagnetism?
Tell me weapon family whose name has the word weapon in it.
What is the main influence of T.S. Eliot's bibliography?
Where did William Bligh die?
WHat kind of quantum particle is a superpartner to electrons?
Andrzej Biezan made what type of music?
Who replaced Sean Penn as the President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
What are the military academy which start with the letter école
Which is the film that has Robin Hood as character?
What is the stance of the originating source of life of the Dharmagupta?
WHat medicine is used to treat pain?
Municipal President of Nezahualcoytol's country is bordered by what nation?
How many matches did Josef Bican play for what team?
For which movie did Vivien Leigh recieve the Academy Award for Best Actress?
What is the Ritchey–Chrétien telescope with the lowest observing time available whose has part is Four Laser Guide Star Facility?
Which is the filming location and the narrative location of The_Social_Network?
What official language of Guam has a masculine gender?
Franxois Truaffaut has what honors won by Patrice Leconte?
What rebellion contains the work zollunruhen in it's name?
Which calender day of a given year has maximum time index?
For which disease aspirin is being used?
Name the irritant classified NFPA 704 with the highest enthalpy of vaporization?
Who plays badminton?
who river for located in or next to body of water of Aachen?
What short film did Jim Henson write?
who is film starring of un chien andalou that has his father is salvador dali i cusi
What is the reason for John Williams' nominations for Jaws?
What is archivesof Barbara W. Tuchman?
Who is the nuclear weapon for designed by of Manhattan Project
Name a colonial Empire that starts with letter B
What is the name of the business division of of Reuters that is publicly traded?
TELL ME SEA MONSTER WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD TANNIN IN IT.
Who is the fundamental state of matter for greater than of gas
Name a biblical character that starts with letter L
What is the type of variable star for luminous blue variables?
What albums and films has 50 Cent been in?
What's the standard body of Extensible Markup Language?
What is the synonym of taxon for angiosperms?
What is the history of the science of language and family?
Which French truss bridge is the longest?
What afflictions are there as a result of consuming benzene?
Tell me position whose name has the word yeonguijeong in it.
Which is the via of D. B. Cooper?
who genetic association of regulates molecular biology of hsa-miR-4446-5p?
What comes from punk rock that has twin city in Tokyo?
Which is the cause of death of Douglas Jardine?
Who was the governor of Vichy France, that commands during the Battle of Verdun?
What Indian reservation was the Kurdish–Turkish conflict in?
Which is the binding of software library for Objective-C?
What is followed by Stranger in a Strange Land awarded as Prometheus Award - Hall of Fame?
Where is the enclave within Nottingham?
What is Czechoslovakia's national anthem?
Which assembly is endemic to Gujarati?
Who had developed the Colossal Cave Adventure, whose first name is William?
What term is used to describe a resident of Hong Kong?
what is sausage sandwich contains the word dog in their name
What are notable books developed by Unix
What continues from Doraemon?
Who is the filmography performer of Hrithik Roshan?
Who programmed Sonic the Hedgehog?
where is the country and writing system of Punjabi_language?
The planetary system of Kepler-1625b is part of what constellation?
What are the business which start with the letter v
What time zone, Durrës, is located at standard time?
Who composed the Star-Spangled Banner?
What is the name of Hannah Murray's character on Game of Thrones?
What is wool made of?
Who is the daughter of Edward I of England where she died at Belgium?
Who are the children who studied under Michel Fokine?
What arrondissement handles administration in Paris?
which party starts with the letter z
What prize did Bernd and Hilla Becher win from Amnesty International?
What is the brother of the kids of Llywelyn the Great?
Who is the person with the lowest score in ski jumping.
The family name for the Greek alphabet writing system is called what?
what role did Frasier play in recurring character?
what is performer of wonder women that is wonder women?
What is satrap's availability?
Which is the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Chickpea?
What is the diplomatic relations status of South Sydney Rabbitohs?
TELL ME COMMUNICATIONS PROTOCOL WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
Who works at the art from Antony Tudor, that's is in the voivodeship of the Orange county?
Which is greater than super-Earth?
What are the conjecture which start with the letter problem
Who are the publisher and author of The Catcher in the Rye?
Who wrote the Spin Alternative record Guide?
Who is named after radiography, who had August Kundt as a teacher?
How can you write using the Phoenician alphabet?
Which contains the administrative territorial entity of Foshan?
What is higher taxon of made from of Coicis Semen?
Which Indian state speaks Urdu?
What is the sports club with the highest member count whose instance of is association football club?
What award did Godzilla receive?
When is drug interaction treatment of gastroenteritis?
What did COWSEL's role model develop?
which radio telescope has maximum wavelength of sensitivity in Chile?
Who is the victim that was conflicted with Stanley Rous?
Mention the federative entity of Mexico responsible for Tenochtitlan
How many male and female kids does Almanzor have?
Which is the position of the organisation directed from the office of Mossad?
For which work, Loretta Young was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who is the human for family of Akhenaten
What business is the parent organization of Sears?
Who is Katie Ledecky related to?
What has arrondissements of the diplomatic relations of The Gambia?
What is the company name operated by Galex?
What are the regions of the sovereign state of Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County?
who is written by Letters of Ayn Rand?
Which position and electoral district does John Stuart Mill hold?
What title of honor has the longest term in office?
What is the label of Rick Astley whose owner is Sony Corporation of America?
What are the fictional hybrid which starts with letter w
What is the main tourist attraction for the religion of the Russian Orthodox Church?
Who is the operator and country of Bombardier Dash 8?
What position is held by Julius II which was once held by Marco Barbo?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
Who are the partners in John Wright's struggle?
What are the Greek deity which start with the letter Z
What municipality was Nikolai Trubetzkoy born in?
Which is the series Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
What is the terrorist attack with the highest number of deaths whose participant is Grupos Antiterroristas de Liberación?
University of Pennsylvania painting collection is about which topic?
What is the taxon due to severe acute respiratory syndrome?
Which is the cemetery with the highest point in Indianapolis?
Who painted Mona Lisa?
Who is the architect of the Hagia Sophia and what is its architectural style?
What is Sigmund Jähn's first name in Latin?
Which is the Norse deity that is partner of Odin?
What are the food ingredient which start with the letter zucchini
What was the nomination received by Aki Kaurismäki whose prize winner was Sam Garbarski?
Tell me naval offensive whose name has the word attack in it.
Who is the secretary general for Michel Aflaq?
What are the lyrics and language of work or name of God Save the Queen?
What crystal system was crafted out of a glacier?
Music by 21st Century Schizoid Man is part of what label?
What is the website account of Sergey Brin?
The Communist party of the Soviet Union, had a daily newspaper that was considered to be the mouthpiece of their propaganda; do you recall what it was?
What town in Pennsylvania is Punxsutawney Phil from?
Who is the member of Monsterrat who held an associate member role?
tell me phase of life starts with z
Who is Rodrigo Duterte's father?
Which has fruit type and the this taxon is source of of Potato?
What award did Cloris Leachman receive for their work on The Last Picture Show?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
What are the technical term which start with the letter v
Cortisol interacts with what protein?
Which sovereign states were participants in the Battle of France?
Which noble family of Henry II of England was co-founded by Ingelger?
Who is brother or sister of L. Brent Bozell, Jr. wife ?
What is Cincinatti's twinned administrative body and administrative jurisdictional entity?
What is Hikaru Utada's label company?
Who did Nelson Mandela replace as the President of South Africa?
Which is located in present-day administrative territorial entity for Friuli-Venezia Giulia?
Who is the structural engineer for Burj al-Arab?
Which on geographical feature is owners of Palo Alto?
In what part of the German Empire was Bertold Brecht born?
Tell me novel series whose name has the word twilight in it.
Tell me unit of volume whose name has the word ćwierć in it.
What honours did the composer of Symphony No. 9 receive?
What is the language spoken of by Jean-Pierre Rampal?
Tell me subculture whose name has the word therianthropes in it.
Where is Toshiro Mifune's place of death in the villages of Shinjuku-ku?
What was first discovered in scientific data analysis that caused death by tuberculosis?
Where is the grave of Aristotle Onassis?
Who is the concubine of the scriptwriter of The Lady Without Camelias?
In what country does the European Union conduct diplomatic relations?
What is the capital of Nanjing?
What are thebarycenter which start with the letter center
What timeline is the topic of the aspect of Mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics?
What is adjacent to Yamanashi Prefecture, that has municipalities in Haibara District?
who is excavation director of Assur?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
Pikachu is on the list of characters in Super Smash Bros. Who are some of the non-playable characters?
Which is the inverse of the religious affiliation of Dick Donato?
What country has the official language of Norwegian?
What awards has Elton John won?
Which position did Mahavira replace Parshvanatha for?
What is between the connection of Fukushima Prefectural Road Route 52?
Name the impact crater on Mars with the smallest diameter.
How do you use a microphone?
Obergefell v Hodges overrules?
What nominative-accusative dead language has the least number of speakers?
What painting depicts Dante Alighieri?
Based in Arizona, what is David Spade's alma mater?
What holiday is used to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus?
Who has the craft of songwriter and is the lyricist of Dixie?
What scripting language designed by Rasmus Lerdorf starts with letter p?
What type of geography is on the continent of Eastern Bloc?
What is the tributary of the spans of the Ma'anshan Bridge?
Which is the honorific suffix of Sir?
Who are the stockholders that helped develop Call of Duty?
For what movie did Woody Harrelson win Best Supporting Actor in the Academy Awards for?
Who has arrondissements to the district of Concord?
Where is the Louis Armstrong museum?
Who employed Mata Hari as a spy?
What is in conflict at the memorial of Statue of Thomas Munro?
What is the minimum viable temperature of the strain?
Which sports league has the highest sports league level?
What is the taxon rank and the endemic to of Komodo_dragon?
In which ice hockey team season has the lowest number of points/goals conceded whose country is United States of America?
How did Lionel Trilling die?
Who won the Grammy Award for best rap/sung performance with Eminem?
What is Buckwheat taxon's source and what award has been received?
What are the national symbol which start with the letter palestine
Who was the leader of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What is ethnic group of Mapuche?
What is the statement is subject of Bangladesh that shares border with India?
Which is the significant drug interaction for cocaine?
What is the origin of AIESEC, that borders Ans?
Which is the route of administration for smoking?
Which is legislated by the United Nations resolution?
What role, Lee Meriwether, performed at Catwoman?
What is Thomas Henry Huxley a member of that was established by Anders Johan von Höpken?
What town of Guernica has the partner city New York City?
In Rama, what is the literary work for the characters?
Which is the birthplace of J.Edgar Hoover in the territory identical with District of Columbia?
Which protein interacts with morphine?
what are the Christian movement which contains the word phineas in their name
Who was the student of Democritus?
Tell me the number of points, goals, set scored that Marco van Basten achieved and for what sports team.
What is business division of United Airlines?
WHAT ARE THE DAILY NEWSPAPPER WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
tell me international sport governing body that starts with w
Who is the lead singer for Nirvana
When did award received of Frederick Sanger and prize money?
What are the demographic profile which start with the letter t
What sector has the ThinkPad developed?
Which isotope of antihydrogen with a gravitational interaction has the smallest electric charge?
which concept starts with the letter u
From the work Neighbours, what was Margot Robbie nominated for?
What's the aspect of of history of Georgia, whose's mayor is Giorgi Kvirikashvili?
What is typology of spoken language of Edward Brooke?
What are the W3C recommendations regarding HTML5?
Who replaced Arthur Fadden's held position as Prime Minister of Australia?
To which sports team is Roberto Carlos a member and how many matches has he played?
Name the communist party Vladimir Lenin was a member of.
What can be found in species of genetic association of Alzheimer's disease?
which is the chronology of topic of language used on jacques marquette
What do Jim & Ingrid Croce play?
What superhero's name starts with W?
Who is the team member that married Chryss Goulandris?
What is the product with the maximum per capita consumption rate as per Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary?
What is the sister or brother of Anton Chekhov,that has the birth city in Taganrog?
Name an athlete competing in long jump
What are the polymer which start with the letter t
Which international airport is located in Salt Lake City?
What films did Mary Pickford appear in?
In West Bengal, what office does the head of state hold?
What is the toponym of the Weierstrass function, that is a member of Corps Saxonia Bonn
Where is the lost sculpture of Acropolis of Athens?
What award did Arthur Freed, author of An American in Paris, receive?
Which is the international airport for the transport hub of Belgrade?
Who is the Mayor of First Abe Cabinet?
Which satellite is part of the constellation of Sagittarius A?
Who was nominated the Academy Award for Best Director for Rocky?
What are the mythical character which start with the letter Z
What is the Bucharest judet enclave?
Which is the historical motorcycle manufacturer which contains the word weslake in it's name?
What are the principle which start with the letter a
What is the fiction hedgehog in Sonic the Hedgehog?
What is the February 17 time index that shows category March 2, 2018?
Who is the secretary general of Kuomintang
Which has wards of county seat of of Florianópolis?
Who is the wife of Hank Azaria and where did they get married?
What is office contested for United States House of Representatives?
Which satellite of Pollux is from the universe of the Star Trek multiverse?
Which dynasty of is daughter of of Arsbold?
What is the taxon parent of cassowary, which has a type of taxon that means family?
David O. Russell was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay for which of his works?
Which high-voltage direct current power line has the highest voltage?
which is carries scientific instrument of thermometer?
Which is notable work On Liberty?
cricket is played of what field?
When is instance of of platinum which is followed by is gold?
Name a cation with strong interactions that starts with letter P
Which is the cultural region for the narrative location of Exodus?
What is the medical speciality of the cause of epilepric seizure?
What is birth place for starring of The 15:17 to Paris?
What is the political party for Francesc Macia i Llussa?
which civil code starts with c
Which is the military alliance which contains the word union in it's name?
Which name after Hamburger, has a twin city in Leon?
How many episodes are there in American television sitcom?
Tell me play whose name has the word witin it.
What is the work of the writers of Imidazole-containing N3S-NiII complexes relating to nickel containing biomolecules?
Which association is headquartered in Aachen?
What is the category of films filmed in that place and also the category of associates of Belgrade?
How big is the Cliff Kill Site national park?
What language used to be kwown as Middle English contains the word english in its name?
Tell me the sovereign state of Nowruz for public holiday
Which is the video game that is distributed by Steam and starts with the letter z?
What Indian reservation region of Japan has diplomatic relations with Brazil?
Who holds the world record form swimming in a pool?
Tell me the filmography of Jerry Lewis.
Tell me value whose name has the word beauty in it.
What prize is awarded to the family member of Ferenc Molnar?
Which music is studied by Kvinnan Bakom Allt?
Name a subsidiary company that belongs to Melford Spiro
What is challenging about Symphony No. 6?
To what constellation does HD 40307 f belong?
Who is parent of Artaxerxes III, whose denomination is Zoroastrianism?
Which is the art museum that is the archive for Bauhaus?
Which performer plays the role of Count Dracula, the Nosferatu Vampyre?
Who is a member or employee of Innocent IV?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
For what role was Octavia Spencer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What is the craft of Patrick Henry, whose field of this craft is law.
Which is the federal state for the head of state Donald Trump?
How are Fernando Belaúnde Terry and Mariano A. Belaúnde related?
What are the team which start with the letter s
Which is the basionym for Cannabis indica?
What is tributary of next to lake of Odessa Oblast?
What is the name of the building where Mukeshi Ambani reside in?
Who has a designer in Amiga, that manufactures in Commodore PET?
Which area is the Cremation of Role Model C.S.Lewis?
which office building with the highest floors above ground whose instance is skyscraper?
What is the time zone in Apulia that is standard time?
Which is the teacher of the tribute to Christ Church?
who magic spell in Harry Potter for present in work of Harry Potter?
What what is chemical element has affected by tin poisoning and also which starts with letter t
who record of sports long jump?
What is the person in the portrait of an equestrian statue of Joan of Arc guilty of?
The controlled-access highway is part of what highway system?
Which place is called the sister city of Modenca which has counties in Huanren Manchu Autonomous county?
Where in Hertfordshire did John Walter work?
What is played and informed by Christian cross?
Traditional Chinese characters are used by which written language?
Which university first described the binary search tree?
What was the murder method of Eve Arden, which could involve the lower gastrointestinal series in possible examinations?
Who was the previous film producer of Aske?
What aspects of the history of Christianity has proponents?
What is the main socket type of the sovereign state of Yantai?
What is the locality of Ecstasy of Saint Theresa which is part of ancient Rome?
Which typology of language native of Pink?
What is the performer and occupation of Merlin
Which is the NATO code for grade of lieutenant general?
What is the ethnicity and position of the team and Michael Jordan's specialty?
What service is offered and operated by the ANA Mileage Club?
What is the active ingredient in diazepam?
What book is the orbit of Rigel from?
What position did Jean-Baptiste Colbert hold that was replaced by Claude Le Peletier?
For which sports team did Stanley Matthews play and in how many matches did he compete?
What is the driving side of Estonia?
Who is the author of Nicholas I of Russia?
What type of business does Nintendo work on?
WHICH IS THE VOTING ROUND WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF BLANK VOTES
Where is the liver located?
Which means depicted by inTestudines?
what is the unit with the greatest whose i dontg know
Fly Agaric belongs to what taxonomic type?
Was Sandy Dennis nominated in the Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actress?
What is the highest point in Paris?
What is the mother tongue of Tyagaraja whose typology is the agglutimother tongue?
Which subitem of Alaskan history has villages in the Northwest Arctic Borough?
What are the social service which start with the letter s
What is in the local government area of Bass Strait that has the capital town of Hobart?
What is Rijksmuseum's Wi-Fi?
What is the disease with the shortest incubation period in humans that was originally described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia?
What role did Niccolò Machiavelli play as a leader and historical figure?
Tell me about the locations of important events leading to the fall of the Soviet Union.
What is the least gini coefficient of the dominion of the British Empire?
What are the ethnic group which start with the letter z
Which is genetic association of bulimia that of determination method is Genome-wide association study?
Tell me the type of kinship for Edward VI of England has sibling as Elizabeth I of England?
Which supplementary intercardinal direction has maximum position angle?
What was George Michael nominated for with his song Faith?
Who is the film producer of Stayin' Alive that has honors in the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
What nation has shires of Mikhail Gorbachev?
What characters play supporting roles in The Man Without Qualities?
What is the culture of Jayadaman's daughter?
Vladimir Lenin is the head of government for what organization?
What is the smallest village in Bernried?
What is next lower rank of consul?
Which nuclear isomer that is an isotope of indium has the highest atomic number?
Who is the partner of James Joyce?
Which is principle office of member of party of Zhang Zuolin?
What are the airline which start with the letter pan
Who has the greatest number of victories with a name of Zaur?
Which office is held by the Assam government leader?
What location is Beauty and the Beast set in, that is a rural city in the Midi-Pyrenees?
Which is the game of skill which contains the word tidllywinks in it's name?
Which country is Wellington located?
What are the weapons of the followers of Kali?
Which is the chemical monomer composition of polypropylene?
who is outcome of died of Nikolai Golgol?
Which high school(s) are located in Milwaukee?
What is the date of the winter solstice?
Name the year and the place on which Marilyn Monroe married to Joe DiMaggio
who was the partner of Jean-Luc Godard?
Who is tutor of Luke Skywalker, which has pupil is Ki-Adi-Mundi?
The 3rd African Movie Academy Awards was succeeded by which TV presenter?
What animated character's identity is also known as Superman?
What are the war which start with the letter w
who place of filming of described by work of david levinson?
In what year was Edward Heath elected to the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What are the science which start with the letter t
What is the subitem of the history of Morocco, which has diplomatic relation to Russia?
What is named for gauss whose member is Russian Academy of Sciences?
What is the geographical region of Shikoku where the Albion River is located?
What town was Nikolai Vavilov born in?
What is the track listing for the successor of Highway 61 Revisited?
Leprosy is treated by which medication?
Name a person involved in World War II
What is the trademark of Barcelona, and where is their headquarters located?
Who has diplomatic relations with the state of News of the World?
Who are the students of Lee Strasberg whose death place is Westport?
Who died in Montreal?
What differs from Commedia dell'arte that has the theatre season in the 16th century?
Which municipality in Sweden has the least number of employees?
What is the layout of the Afghanistan coat of arms?
When did the Kabul Shahi dynasties rule over the land now known as Istanbul?
Who is the actor in the narrative of Gregory House?
Which space station has completed maximum orbits?
Who is the chairperson for Emil du Bois-Reymond
What is the name given to the border between Oklahoma and Kansas?
Which is the accreditation for European Parliament?
When was Klemens von Metternich of Cathrine Bagration of mother of child?
What what is animated nonprofit organization distributed by MGM and English
Which is the doctoral adviser for Samuel Flagg Bemis?
What languages does Kenneth Tynan speak?
What is part series of successor of The Dinner Party?
What is the gamma-ray burst with the farthest distance from Earth?
Who is the city for twinned administrative body of Hamburg
Which day and what are the traditional foods of Thanksgiving?
Where was Kristen Stewart born and where is her citizenship?
Which is the hotel designed by architect Frank Gehry?
Is the river head a tributary of the Yellow River?
Who is worshipped in Arabian mythology?
What is temporal range end of Triceratops, which has sequel of is Campanian?
Who did Gwyneth Paltrow marry in Southern California?
When did educated at of Sheryl Sandberg and academic major?
Name a town sharing a border with Ottawa.
What are the languages spoken by Matthew Perry whose AWLD status is 1 safe?
What position was H. H. Asquith elected to?
Which country contained the library of the Roman Empire?
What a ketone that begins with the letter p
What was the name of the reward that John Cleese received for his work A Fish Called Wanda?
What is the mother tongue of Marie Curie, that has free order language typology?
What is subsidiary company of Bob Iger?
Which is the film with Tōhō as production company and whose name contains the word yojimbo?
Which Roman deity corresponds to Apollo?
What is the birth place of Blackbeard, that is in the region of Avon?
What position that applies to jurisdiction in Rome?
Who gave the specialism of service branch of Antonio Cantore?
Where is Gilda Radner buried?
Which human has the highest Erdos number?
What location near Palazzolo Acreide did Archimedes die?
What is the diplomatic relation of Peyton Manning's nationality?
who is the child of bernie ecclestone?
What is the Wikimedia category for staff of the New York University organization?
What chapter of your edition does Hamlet start on?
Who is the human director of Forrest Gump?
Who is discoverer of musical instrument of Sidney Bechet?
Name a song composed by Michael Jackson that contains the word world  in its name
What is the office held by the head of government and who is the head of state?
What are the first principle which start with the letter s
Who developed Structured Query Language?
Name a territorial entity that starts with letter Z
What is topic of history of South America, that has has wards is Ecuador?
Who is the contestant of the famous works by John Bell?
Who is the writer of Les Chevaliers de la Table ronde?
What is the culture of Seljuk dynasty having first language as Turkic languages?
Which is a sports discipline competed in weightlifting?
On the shore of Rabat, what has a tributary of Mystic River?
What is the tributary of the harbour of Duisburg?
What are the physical constant which start with the letter w
Tell me which is the ice age which contains the word age in it's name?
Tell me reform whose name has the word reform in it.
Who gave the subject of part of work of Sexual reproduction in Aspergillus tubingensis from section Nigri.?
What is the last name of Carlos Vives, whose language is Spanish?
Which of the work of Rodin is significant?
What is informed by playing A Brand New Day?
What genre and record label do The Beach Boys belong to?
What single is part of hard rocks current work?
What is the main topic of the Einstein-Rosen metric about?
What is Jeffrey Archer's position in the 46th United Kingdom Parliament?
What part of Ireland's history includes the Nuclear Suppliers Group?
Where did Pedro Almodovar win Best Writing, Original Screenplay?
WHICH IS THE LIKNED DATSA STRUCTURE THAT STARTS WITH I
How does Le Figaro make his money?
was wolfgang amadeus mozart given birth to in Salzburg?
The Gardener is employed by who?
What is in the district of Nord-Pas-de-Calais whose member is International Hydrographic Organization?
Who are the founders of the seat of Guinness?
What are the operation which start with the letter p
What is the diplomatic relation of the African Union?
what type of wood name starts with the letter z
Tell me which fictional duck contains the word webby in it's name?
tell me that automobile manufacturer which contains the word zongshen name in it
What did David Lean get nominated for at the 57th Academy Awards?
Which abandoned hamlet has the largest number of houses?
What is the dwarf spheroidal galaxy of the Andromeda Galaxy?
What is the occupation of Harry Hinsley?
Which is the parent astronomical body for Tarantula Nebula?
Who gave the bordered by of basin countries of Elbe?
What characters in Lolita have roles as minor characters?
What public holiday in Norway starts with the letter p?
What are the legal profession which start with the letter s
Which Class IB flammable liquid has maximum partition coefficient water/octanol?
Who was the Forrest Gump actor who was nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
For what film did Michael Douglas win an Academy Award for Best Picture?
Tell me iba official cocktail whose name has the word vesper in it.
who happens in of school attended of amy bloom?
Tell me about the Wikimedia duplicate article about Barack Obama.
Which is the birth house of the place of birth of Rachel Carson?
Which is first described of Sombrero Galaxy, where member of is Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL?
who landscape of work of william gell?
What is the polymer of ethylene?
What city, birthplace of Jonah Peretti, has divided into the Commonwealth of the Philippines?
Which is the mausoleum which contains the word zuihōden in it's name?
Who paints a broken role model?
Who is the elected for James Callaghan has position held as Member of the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
When did data set for significant event of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Which is the book illustrated by Beatrix Potter?
WhO is holding of owns of Tesco?
Which statistician is the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem named after?
Which is the feast day for Saints Cyril and Methodius?
Who founded Commodore 64?
What is approved by the Iraq War?
Tell me me a media player whose name consist of the word woman and whose readable file format iTunes Music Library, binary variant itunes
Cathedral of Christ the Saviour was replaced by what structure?
Tell me National Historic Trail whose name has the word trail in it.
Give me a name of hypostasis, which starts with an alphabet 'h'.
Who gave thedeepest point of endemism of Guibemantis tornieri?
What award did Matti Nykanen receive as a Ski Jumper in the 1984 Winter Olympics at Normal Hill?
What record is held by Renaud Lavillenie and where?
Which film was Sergei Eisenstein a director of?
Where is the place of burial and the place of death of Rollo?
What is epigraphy's business division?
What are the single which start with the letter way
Who is the child of the sister of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Guyenne?
What is the satellite of the star Triton?
Which is the university and college sports club that represents Georgia Institute of Technology?
Give me an university that starts with 'V' and has Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, that is also an Doctoral University with highest research activity.
What country has the word States in its name?
Where did William Jones from the British Raj die?
Which archipelagic state has the highest age of majority?
Which is the office held by head of the organization of the mayor?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
Who is the child of Charles Martel, who also has a brother called Remigius of Rouen?
What is the Christian name of Vasco Núñez de Balboa, that has language of website is Portuguese?
Which edition of The Raven is in Russian?
What role did Lance Reddick play in The Wire?
Which meanshas part from Indian Ocean?
which uniformed search that contains the word first in their name
Who is Sean Hannity's employer and who is his spouse?
UNICEF is founded by what international parliament?
Which manuscript collection contains manuscripts from the University of Pennsylvania?
Which Rigid belt sander model consumes the most electricity?
Which geographic region is located in a terrain feature of East Asia?
Can you speak Vanuatu?
Who composed 'The Virginian, Season 2'?
Who is the landmark for official residence of Parthian Empire
what is the length of the coastline of norway?
What is based on and the named after of Watt?
Name a newscast program that contains the word  weather in its name
What continent is Melanesia located on?
Who is Casey Affleck's brother and son?
tell me island starts with z
What is legislated by European Parliament?
Who is the writer of Capitalism and Freedom who holds position as president?
Who received the Grammy Award for Best R & B Song with Jay-Z?
What is the aircraft family with the highest time to altitude whose instance of is aircraft family?
Which television show did Ellen DeGeneres create?
What was the death place of Max Miedinger, which was divided into District 7?
What are the system of units which start with the letter u
Which twin city of San Francisco has the district Songjiang?
What title does Ashot I of Armenia have that is listed in the main article of list?
What football team does Clarence Seedorf play for?
Which is county seat of workplace of Hans Bellmer?
Who is the person for the veganism lifestyle?
which internet standard starts with the letter u
What is the death cause of the characters of Troades?
Which anatomical structure connects with the stomach?
when was pharaoh replaced by tutankhamon?
Which is the animated series for voice author Sarah Silverman?
Who is the mother and the spouse of Ganesha?
Tell me civil parish whose name has the word winmarleigh in it.
What is the universe of the boyfriend of Minnie Mouse?
What republic does George Weah live in?
Where is the headquarters located for the Hong Kong publisher?
Which anthem is William Blake known for?
Name the stratovolcano of highest topographic prominence in the South American continent.
tell me literary character first appearance Action Comics #1 starts with s
WHO PLAYED THE AIRCRAFT CARRIED BY COOK?
Which is the country for sport of Windward Islands?
What is the futsal league with the highest sports league level whose league level above is Futsal-Liiga?
For what reason Imran Khan was elected as chancellor?
Tell me taxation whose name has the word sam in it.
What is the twin city of Nanning whose location in the administrative territorial entity is Carinthia?
Oprah Winfrey is the host of which television series?
What voiceless alveolar consonant has the highest IPA number order?
Tell me alternative medical treatment whose name has the word therapy in it.
What are the state of Mexico which start with the letter z
Who is the spouse of Henry I of France and where did they get married?
what is legal case that starts with w
Who replaced Max Aitken of 1st Baron Beaverbrook as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster?
Which position held by Auguste Beernaert that was replaced by Theophile de Lantsheere?
What is the cable-stayed bridge with the lowest clearance whose country is France?
Who is the inventor/ discoverer of paper bag and have death place as Framingham?
Which are the lyrics by Luis Fonsi?
Which passenger ship has the longest draft?
What is significant of songwriter of My Way?
What's not the same as rolling, but is also manufactured from metal?
WHOSE POTRAIT WAS SUCCEEDED BY JUAN GABRIEL CON MARIACHI II
Which Spanish road leads to Seville?
Who is thefilm for characters of Wyatt Earp
What is the executive branch of the citizens of Zhang Ziyi?
Who signed the Declaration of Independence?
David Beckham is a member of what sports team and how many matches has he played?
What is the significant landmark in the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
What is the title of American Airlines' in-flight magazine?
Who is the founder of Fox Broadcasting Company and has a seat in New York City?
who is excavation director of Assur?
What is the musical instrument used in the painting of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II - An 80th Birthday Portrait?
When did John Major stopped being a Member of the 50th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Tell me wine color whose name has the word wine in it
what is missionary society that contains the word society in their name
Tell me mythical creature whose name has the word seka in it.
Which is the medication used to treat inflammation?
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
Which is the natural product of taxon for artichoke?
Which is the brand for Daimler AG?
Who is the mausoleum for commissioned by of Qin Shi Huang
Tell me independent city of Germany whose name has the word zweibrucken in it
Game of Thrones is set in what fictional place?
Where is the deathplace of Sergie Bodrov, Jr. that borders the Karbardino-Balkar Republic?
Who is the Soviet Union's head of state?
What is the prefecture of Hiroshima in Japan?
what is military decoration that contains the word war in their name
What aspect of history is affiliated with the study of Psychology?
What is the gender and sexual orientation of Stephen Fry?
What is located in Western Ghats that has the same administrative divisions of the Ramanathapuram district?
What was the anthem of Nazi Germany?
Who gave thecitation of mentioned in of John Seward?
Who lives on the shore of Richard Dawkins?
Who wrote the notable book, The Bigmoon Nights?
What gold medal award did Pete Townhend get?
Tell me aircraft functional class whose name has the word twinjet in it.
Has the Pluto's object contributors to the creative work as Shamus Culhane?
What medication is used to treat anthrax?
What are the anatomical structure that contains the word vagina in their name
Name the film that takes place in Los Angeles
What is the human spaceflight with the lowest apoapsis whose location of landing is Kazakhstan?
What is the film of the musical score of String Quartets, Op. 76?
What are the controversy which start with the letter M
Who is the person that was influenced by Richard Dawkins?
Name the web search engine that contains the word yatedo in their name
What Hanseatic city is the twinned administrative body of Leeds?
Where did Robert Wise die, sister city is Makati?
WHERE IS PATRON SAINT OF PLACE OF RESIDENCE OF JULIUS CAESAR?
Who translated One Hundred Years of Solitude
For what work was Aaron Copland nominated for Academy Award for Best Score, Adaption, or Treatment?
What is the birthplace of Oleg Nikolaenko, the sequel of which is Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic?
Which is indirectly caused by the disease treatment with phentolamine?
Which is the anatomical branch of trachea?
What are the reform which start with the letter r
Where is the border of São Paulo, that has an executive branch with a cabinet of the governor of the state of Parana?
What is the empire that follows the Roman Empire?
What is the board game publisher of the fork of Miyamoto Musashi?
Who is the curator of Ai Weiwei?
Tell me the software company whose stock exchange is Tokyo Stock Exchange and which that starts with the letter n
Tell me the genre that contains the word yike in their name
What is the famous bridge upstream from the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
What is the river that flows through Nizhny Novgorod
What ethnic group does Kid Cudi belong to and what is his country of citizenship?
What generic association is Asperger syndrome to determine the method of TAS?
Which plant taxon in botanical garden is located in of Gao Gao?
What is worshiped by Ganesha?
What 3D film did David Spade voice act in?
Which unit of time starts with the letter y and measures physical quantity or duration?
Who directed The Birth of a Nation?
What Academy Award was F. Murray Abraham nominated for?
What are the book series which start with the letter w
What award did Jennifer Connelly receive for A Beautiful Mind?
Which play is named after David Bowie?
where died Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, that has district is neighborhood of the future?
What textile fibre starts with the letter w?
Which is the princely state of the British Raj for the capital of Thiruvananthapuram?
Which protein synthesis inhibitor results in type I hypersensitivity?
tell me black-body radiation that name has the word hawking in it
In what did Augustus participate?
where is the educated at and position played on team / speciality of Michael_Jordan
Who works for Vint Cerf that has an executive director named Thomas J. Watson?
Which armored car has produced the most armored cars?
Which is the academic major for Urban VIII?
What is named by pi?
Who has replaced as General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh city?
What branch of the United States Armed Forces was Charles Wayland Brooks part of?
Who is the favorite player of US Army service branch?
Which is the country of origin and the language of work or name of Of_Mice_and_Men?
What is a vested interest of the shareholders of GNU Savannah?
What sovereign state is Levant a location or terrain feature of?
What civic building contains the word house in its name?
What movie did Katina Paxinou win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for?
What is the deal in the village of Western Cape, having a diplomatic relation with the United Kingdom?
What's the position held of Éamon de Valera for parliamentary term 4th Dail?
Which cooperative bank has the most employees?
Who was married to Joseph Lyons and when did it end?
Name the sibling of Loretta Lynn.
What are the municipality of Brazil which start with the letter óbidos
What are the private university which start with the letter u
Which is officeholder of Earl Warren?
Which house from error1 is the shortest
Which combustible powder has the least fusion enthalpy?
What film is a prequel of Goal III: Taking on the World?
Who replaced Benjamin Harrison as President of the United States?
What is the field of study of the journal that published Safety of enteral naloxone for the reversal of opiate-induced constipation in the intensive care unit?
Other than Two Hundred Years Together, what else has The Gulag Archipelago written?
What artistic genre is the portrait of Christ when he appear to the disciples by the sea of Tiberias?
Who gave thereason of failure of notable event of Alan Blumlein?
What agent makes use of communication?
Who gave theprovenance of exchange of Six Flags?
Which sculpture has the highest horizontal depth?
What is the Cathedral of the Diocese of Florence?
Why has Lupita Nyong'o been awarded with the Acedemy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What is a Whopper made of?
Which is the historical country that uses Japanese Yen as currency?
Laniakea Supercluster is the site of astronomical discovery?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest standard enthalpy of formation whose physically interacts with is Potassium inwardly-rectifying channel, subfamily J, member 5?
What is the Irritant with the highest electrical conductivity whose instance of is Class II combustible liquid?
In which krai is Volgograd located?
Tell me the mausoleum commissioned by Shah Jahan and whose name contains the word mahal?
What is the diplomatic relation performed by the F-16 Fighting Falcon?
What is the language of the Cantonese?
What is the geography of Chicago like?
Tell me business whose name has the word vodafone in it.
Which dwarf planet has the highest longitude of ascending node?
Who is the sidekick of Batman?
What would be the diplomatic relation of matter in the Chinese economy?
Which is the category for people born in Dubai?
What is the controversy surrounding the defendant of Hillary Clinton?
Who is related to Barry Bonds?
What city in Baraga County was Ann Rule born in?
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
What political party and home country is Roger Ailes?
What is Kesha's native language and country of citizenship?
In the German Democratic Republic, who is the head of state?
did halle berry received the award of monster's ball?
Who is the spouse of the bride?
Which is the title of chess player for Magnus Carlsen?
tell me procedural programming language starts with v
Which is hometown of Alan Arkin, whose partner city is Podgorica?
For what film was Sam Rockwell nominated for the Academy Award for best supporting actor?
Name the book that includes the character of Anna Karenina and that starts with letter A
who member o of land of bicol region?
What honors does Peter Ustinov hold?
What are the American football team which start with the letter vikings
What is the noble title of Gediminas and who was he followed by?
Who is Tyler Perry's executive producer?
Do you know that Stiftung that was founded by the late Ingvar Kamprad?
WHO IS THE FIRST PRIME MINISTER MEDIATISED TO THE PRESIDENCY OF SALVADOR ALLENDE
What does schizoid personality disorder exclude?
What was Kathryn Bigelow nominated for during her work in The Hurt Locker?
What mountain is the highest point in Chongqing?
What is the parent company of Viktor Yanukovych's political party?
What is an exclave in Alaska?
What did Debbie Reynolds receive a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for?
What is the home port of Kuala Lumpur
For what role did Jeremy Irons receive an Academy Award for Best Actor?
What is working language of California Institute of Technology that has grammatical person is first -person plural?
What title was given to the ruler of the Ottoman Empire?
What county in England shares a border with Hampshire?
Who holds the next lower rank of the Pope?
Who is the record label for The Black Eyes Peas and what are they named after?
who is co-founder for moveable object location of Justice of Brutus?
What is The Lady Penelope's most representative work?
What time period and religions associated with satrap?
What position was Arthur Henderson elected in and what was the position was he held?
Where on the coast of Attu Island, is the Lluta River tributary located?
What are the vehicle families which starts with the word vehicle.
What coalition is Auburn University a member of?
tell me girl group contains the word virtue in their name
What is the national holiday of the nation of Jarmila Kratochvilova?
Tell me the programming paradigm which starts with letter p!
Which is the county seat and location of work of Erasmus?
Who signed the Mayflower Compact and has a grave in Connecticut?
What is the common name with the loudest maximum frequency of audible sound that is a subclass of a domesticated animal?
WHAI IS THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT DECISION THAT APPLIES TO JURISDICTION IN UNITED STATES IF AMERICA AND WHICH STARTS WITH U
What legislative body is parliament in the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Ser Singh is the founder of what life stance?
For which work William Hurt is nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
For what role did Christoph Waltz receive Best Supporting Actor?
What occupational carcinogen containing hydrogen has the highest decomposition point?
Where, in the English administrative territorial entity, was Martin McDonagh born?
Which is the university that used the Russian language?
What is distribution of web browser?
What are the honours of Grace Bumbry whose leader is Fayard Nicholas?
What has higher taxon of Litchi chinensis, that contains a type of taxon in its genus?
Which region of Spain shares its border with Granada?
What is librettist for Francis Poulence?
Who is the woman of Han Xin, who is often confused with being a man?
It comes from the top level domain of Paramore.
What is the electoral district for Rene Coty has position held as member of the Senate France?
Who are the children of Tigranes the Great, who died from decapitation?
What peace treaties have the Soviet Union signed?
Who gave the moveable object location of significant incident of Theodore Dreiser?
What is the birth location of Alauddin Khalji having the county seat of Mamluk sultanate?
What is it?
Who is the person that was educated at the University of Notre Dame?
Where was C. Vann Woodward educated and what was the end time?
What position was Jeffrey Archer elected to?
Where does Dmitry Medvedev reside?
Who is cast member of Ghostbusters where character role is Janine Melnitz?
did mpeg-2 part 3 followed the mp3?
What did Safwat Ghayur attend in action?
Name a United States Supreme Court decision that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America that contains the word united in its name
Where is the brain located anatomically and in the taxon?
Which is the data theft as a significant event of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Who is the position for organisation directed from the office of NATO
What therapy is written by Sigmund Freud that starts with the letter p?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
WHAT ARE THE BASEBALL LEAGUE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER P
Who is the mother and spouse of Achilles?
What sport has the proponent of uneven bars?
What is a song played by Petula Clark, besides Downtown?
What is the economic union for ASEAN?
What are the borders of the Ehime Prefecture, which can be subdivided into the Kita District?
What is the basic form of government for an absolute monarchy?
Jefferson Davis was head of state of which historical country?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
What are the film studio which start with the letter z
Who is the founder of Confucianism, whose kid is Kong Li?
What are the hypostasis which contains the word holy in their name
What is the location of death created by John A. Hartford?
Which is studied by science, that studies of ocean chemistry?
Who is the sidekick of Sonic the Hedgehog?
What operas has Claude Debussy composed?
What is the headquarters location and the located on terrain feature of Commonwealth_of_Independent_States?
What is a Hindu denomination that starts with the letter s.
What is the title for the office held by the Empire of Japan?
Rutherford B. Hayes replaced Ulysses S. Grant in what office?
Who did Sebastian Piñera replace as President of Chile?
What 14 nanometer CPU has the most thermal design power?
In what city, that is twinned with Ibadan, is Case Western Reserve University located?
What is the place and manner of death of Ravi Shankar?
Which is the tax resistance for the conflict of Mahatma Gandhi?
which is industry of Caterpillar Inc.?
What is the Class IIIB combustible liquid with the highest flash point that is used in insecticides?
Name an archaeological artifact that contain the word rosetta  in its name
Which protein can interact with amphetamine?
Which state of Bangalore has faith in Hinduism?
What award did Tiger Woods receive and at what point in time?
Tell me Public policy whose name has the words racial in it.
What are the historical motorcycle manufacturer which start with the letter W
Quentin Tarantino is nominated for which Golden Globe Award?
What is a diplomatic relation of El Salvador that is a member of NAFTA?
Which is the significant event of Gérard Debreu?
What is the death location of John Hancock, which has the sister city of Johannesburg?
What is the Italian municipality for Cardiff's sister administration?
Who replaced Luchino Visconti as President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
What are the mixture which start with the letter t
Who was Paul von Hindenburg's wife?
Which sister town of Da Nang has a county seat for Allegheny County?
Of which team is Peter Schmeichel a member and when did he join the team?
Which symptoms suggest the existence of arteriosclerosis?
Which film was written by screenwriter Sergei Eisenstein?
Tell me the academic major which has economy studies and contains the word economics in it's name?
Who is Star Wars' director and composer?
Who is the half brother of Joseph Stalin?
What is the patronym or matronym for Mahathir Mohamed?
What is the continent of South America?
Which is the timeline topic of the main topic of the list of List of military robots in fictional media?
Which principle that contains the word ätialprinzip in their name
Who is the inventor of the Triangulum Galaxy who worked in the area of astronomy?
Give me a cellular component structure, that starts with an alphabet 'v'.
Who was elected for the position of the Member of the 30th Parliament of the United Kingdom held by Stanley Baldwin?
Tell me economic branch whose name has the word transport in it.
Which pendant of The Clothed Maja?
Name the twin town of Asunción, whose prime minister is Luis Banck Serrato?
Tell me fallen angel whose name has the word zaqiel in it.
What disease is treated with biotin?
Who are the crew member of Phillipe Perrin's cosmonaut mission?
Who is the publisher of the track on Nickel-Catalyzed Coupling Reactions of Alkenes?
What is a tributary of the Madeira River:
What is the music series of the Discourses of Politics?
Tell me Nishiki-e whose name has the word sea in it.
For which work did Alan Jay Lerner win Best Writing and Adapted Screenplay at the Academy Awards for?
Which female organ is the counterpart to the testicle?
What is the audio language of A Dictionary of the English Language, which has grammatical gender of feminine?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
For what type of work Keira Knightley has received an Empire Award?
Which is the programmer of John Romero?
Who is the defendant for Hans Frank?
Who gave thecollateral descendant of Developer of Winter?
Which organisation is directed from the office of the Vatican Library?
What is the national flower of the territorial entity of Yukon?
Which is target of dedicated item COMINFIL?
Which is the location named after Battle_of_Verdun?
Name a non-science partially coincident with Geisteswissenschaft that starts with letter H
What activity of Irini Rodnina has the twin city of Krasnoyarsk?
Where are the papers of the daughters of Frederick Marryat?
Tell me cave whose name has the word sesselfelsgrotte in it.
Did Ulysses S. Grant's horse have a name?
What is the species in the human digestive system, that is the manufacturer of an artificial physical object?
Who replaced Sam Houston as President of the Republic of Texas?
Which edition of Oedipus Rex is in the language of Catalan?
What is the name of the infectious disease that has minimal prevalence and is a subclass of viral hepatitis?
What is attendee in conflict of Curt Badinski?
What is victory for Niki Lauda?
What kinship did Philip of Cognac have with Richard I of England
What is the first name of Joel Quenneville?
Bucharest is the capital of which country?
What caused Ian Paisley to end his position as a member of the 45th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the taxonomic group with the lowest reproduction rate whose permanent duplicated item is error1?
When did educated at of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and academic degree?
What part of the German Democratic Republic has Sorbian as an official language?
Which is relative to the stack?
What are Hollywood's borders and where is the location of the administrative territorial entity?
What is Julie Andrews' blood type and voice type?
What is the name of the city next to where Yue Fei died?
What is the safety classification and labelling of the occupational carcinogen that starts with b?
What country celebrates Groundhog Day the distributor of InterCom?
WHICH CITES IS ROE V WADE
Who are the creators of the series part 818-jklpuzo?
What are the recorded work done during Ramadan?
What is the antonym of fertility - the medical specialty that focuses on reproductive endocrinology and infertility?
Cape Cod belongs to which state, and tends towards which diplomatic relation?
tell me computer network protocol that edition or translation of Internet Protocol which starts with i
who played Dr. John Watson in Sherlock Holmes?
What is the time zone where the Battle of Mars Los Angeles Tour is located?
Tell me paramedical speciality whose name has the word therapy in it.
What do the zoo animals of Downtown Aquarium, Houston play with?
Name the second language of Toots Thielemans that has the typology of subject-verb-object.
Who is The Lion King's storyboard artist?
Mention the medicinal specialty maintained by positive regulation of hypersensitivity
What is the type of kinship between Prince George of Cambridge and Prince Charles of Wales?
Tell me the history of a country or state that starts with the letter h
Tell me the security agency of chairperson Yuri Andropov that contains the word kgb in it's name?
Who gave theestablished by of resting place of Arkadi Suvorov?
What is the name of Alexander Blok's birthplace, that has Manchester as a sister city?
WHICH IS THE PALACE THAT CONTAINS THE WORD THERESIANUM IN THEIR NAME
What is the trend of tribute to Malevich?
What is the twin city of Aichi Prefecture, which has boroughs in the Shire of Belfast?
What is a cat breed that starts with the letter t?
Tell me the extreme murder?
What is the name of the building complex that is the headquarters of the European Parliament?
Tell me about the spaceflight manufacturer of SpaceX?
Which taxon has the biggest/largest genome size?
Which 1.2 has the longest event distance?
What republic starts with the letter z?
What is the historic replacement country of the German Empire?
Which is the fictional universe of the fictional universe that is described in Harry Potter?
What country does the National Aeronautics and Space Administration belong to
What are the ice hockey team which start with the letter straubing
What is Chinese writing called?
Which mythological Greek character did Hercules kill?
What is the name of the sports stadium in Barcelona?
What are the kinship which start with the letter u
What is the graduating class of the actress Richy Guitar?
Which is the statutory city of Austria for the twinned administrative body of Bern?
who writing system for facet of Japanese?
What is the antonym of the type of film of Freud, Biologist of the Mind?
Name a city that contains the word milwaukee  in its name
What position in office did W. Marvin Watson hold?
What are the results of the product Whopper?
Who sculpted the Statue of Zeus at Olympia?
What is the time zone for Cannes in daylight saving time?
What is The Count of Monte Cristo divided Of Monte Cristo?
What is the crafting field of Ann Peel's craft?
Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī is culture?
What is located in of Western Front, which is member of is CERN
What was the position when Joaquim Chissano replaced as the Chairperson of the African Union?
WHat is the Matterhorn's parent peak?
Who gave the top dog of nomination received of Jamie Bell?
Which is watercourse ends in of Gulf of Maine, whose tributary is Rio Miriri?
Where in Italy was Carla Bruni born??
What are the event sequence which start with the letter w
What fleet manages Iran Air Flight 277?
Where is the place of death and what was the cause of death of Grover Cleveland?
Which is the edition or translation of The Pilgrim's Progress?
What species has DD3219 found in their fertilizer?
Which journal published Zoopolis
What movie was Stanley Kramer nominated for Best Picture by the Academy Awards?
What type of geography does Estonia have?
What member of the International Development Association has the smallest percentage area of water?
Which kind of bulldog is the mascot for Georgetown University?
Which Atlantic hurricane had maximum damage cost?
Who are the executive and legislative bodies of Dublin?
Which is field study of contributor of Screamers?
Who has signed the United States Constitution, whose place of work is Washington DC?
which is diplomatic relation of east timor that is statement is subject of east timor-indonesia relations?
Which is the facility operator in action of CIM-10 Bomarc?
What award did Lasse Viren receive during the 1972 Summer Olympics as a participant in the Men's 5000 metres?
Vladimir Putin holds what special rank?
What the capital of Nanjing?
Who is the producer of Beavis and Butt-head?
Which actor in the Schindler's List, has an intersex that is a female?
What agency maintains Metro Manila?
What is the subject which studies items built from dried fish?
What are the medication which start with the letter v
What armies fought in the Battle of Austerlitz?
Who is the sibling and the child of Ali_Khamenei?
Which is the magnetic ordering that contains the word paramagnetism in it's name?
Who is the illustrator and author of The Little Prince?
When was Ernest Borgnine and his spouse Ethel Merman's birth date and death?
What is the name of the sister city of Oslo, where Ernest Sachs was born?
Which is the country that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
How many followers follows the film Dirty Harry?
Who is married to the titleholder of the Philip K. Dick Award?
Thiruvananthapuram is the capital of which state in India?
68 to 77 degrees
Which are the lyrics of Good King Wenceslas?
where is island located on system of mountains?
What is the conflict in the branch of Enrique Camarena?
What are the chemical reaction which start with the letter s
What is the child and the spouse of Ralph_Lauren?
What is the family name for writing the Hebrew alphabet
Is the place of death for Billy Graham located in the administrative territorial entity of Montreal?
Who is the spouse and the employer of Stephen_Fry?
Which is the discography of Zhao Wei?
What is basin country for Vättern
Which record company owns the record label for Peter Gabriel?
What is the sacred language and official language of Parthian Empire?
Who gave thefield of exercise of developed by of RD-8?
What type of government and what was the most common language of the Spaniards?
What conflict occurred in Philoctetes and who was involved?
What is the next lowest rank below pope?
Which makes belong to Aveeno Baby product line?
dorothy gale has a pet
Who is the Patron Saint of Our Lady of Hungary Basilica?
WHat form of energy is measured by joule?
Who is the operator and manufacturer of Luckheed C-130 Hercules?
Name a television channel related to Al Jazeera Media Network that starts with letter A
What is the incumbent of the depositary of Convention on Biological Diversity?
How and where did William Wallace die?
Name the death location of Marguerite Henry, which has a partner city called Edinburgh.
What was the award received for Pan's Labyrinth that was the subject of the 79th Academy Awards?
Who is champion of nomination received of Lila Kedrova?
What orbits the planetary system of Omega Centauri?
What are the political affiliations that contain the word right in their name?
What are the technique which start with the letter t
What is the treatment associated with HIV?
What is the champ of Benny Goodman, that was also the champ of Carol Burnett?
Who are the kids that inspired the Color Purple
What is developed and published on Need for Speed?
In which country is Saint Petersburg, where Modest Mussorgsky died?
tell me academic degree which name has the word science in it
What are the inner planet which start with the letter v
What are all the songs made by Erykah Badu?
Kevin Andrews replaced Tony Abbott as what?
What is the country club with the lowest par whose instance of is country club?
Tell me the multiple that contains the word harmonic in their name
What is the largest quantity of campaign medals?
Where is the work location of Harthacanute which belongs to Asian Development Bank
tell me musikdrama is starts with p
What does Paul Simon's discography mean?
What was the movie about Jacques Cousteau that was nominated for a Best Documentary Feature Academy Award?
What is preceeds of The Marshall Mathers LP, whose genre of music is hip hop music?
What did Fats Everett play in the conflict?
Which is the position that applies to the jurisdiction of Bucharest?
What is the country with the highest water as percent of area whose diplomatic relation is Taiwan?
who has local government areas of headquarters of galileo?
Which is the talk show guest of Cardi B?
What party is friend of society NSDAP a member of?
What are the province of China which start with the letter zhejiang
who art collection of portrayed by thorvaldsen Museum?
What is award received of Mary Steenburgen that of winner is Allison Janney?
which encodes for rho?
Tell me landscape type whose name has the word tundra in it.
Name the place where Nikita Khrushchev was died in the country of Soviet Union?
What what is Christian Church office held by head of the organisation pope and which that starts with c
Name a movie whose costumes were designed by Theoni V. Aldredge that contains the word ghostbusters  in its name
Where was the place of death and what was the manner of death of Reinhard Heydrich?
What was awarded to Miles Davis, that was also previously awarded to top dog Aldon Lynn Nielsen?
What is the asteroid with the highest periapsis whose site of astronomical discovery is Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl?
What are the temple which start with the letter g
Who is owned and developed by the FAceted Application of Subject Terminology?
Which is the mansion that is owned by William IV of the United Kingdom?
What award did Carmen Maura receive for La comunidad?
which bank specializes in business enterprise and keeps assets under management?
Which is the Wikimedia list article for the list of the Jewish people?
What awards has the leader George F. Kennan received?
What is the covered bridge with the lowest number of spans whose instance of is road bridge?
What is the gender and religion of Alan Watts?
Which member of Dave Grohl, currently has a nomination received for the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist?
What is the lead award of Christine Leigh Heyrman?
Milan is located in what administrative territory its twinned administrative body?
Vancouver has which twinned administrative bodies of municipality of the Netherlands?
Which is the central bank of Iceland?
What sports team is Javier Zanetti a member of and how many points/goals/sets did he score?
Tell me religious concept whose name has the word yojana in it.
What is part of Super Mario Bros.?
What is the forename of Jan Švankmajer, which is known for its frequency of first names in the Netherlands, 2010?
What is the closest planet to International Space Station?
Which country on the Gold Coast did Jack Brabham die?
Mention the place where human burial can be made possible in Florence Cathedral
What was named after Dushanbe in Tajik?
Who is the executive director with superior formation at Parfums Christian Dior?
Tell me textile fibre whose name has the word wool in it.
Name the hammer drill brand with the amplitude of which subclass is the hammer drill?
What is the ancestral home of Du Fu?
What finish did Voyager 1 have with planet Chaldene?
What degree is achieved by Gustav Kirchhoff at Heidelberg University?
What city with millions of people has the official language of Urdu?
What is adjacent to the village of Karachay-Cherkess Republic?
Who did Robin Wright play in house of cards?
What is the Indian band of the Algonquian ethnicity with the least members.
Where is place of birth of Alexei Nemov which is located in the administrative territorial entity is Republic of Mordovia?
WHICH IS THE MULTI PURPOSE STADIUM WITH MAXIMUM MINIMUM CAPACITY
which website that programming language javascript and which contains the word wincounter in their name
tell me class of instruments which name has the word instrument in it
Who is the person that is the structural engineer of Burj Khalifa?
Who is commanded by Thomas Blamey?
What office does the daughter of Iskandar Muda hold?
What is the diplomatic status of Younus Khan's citizenship?
Who is the chancellor that comes from The Katzenjammer Kids
What is the county seat of the county in which Olafur Eliasson lives?
Who is the governor of the hometown of Glenn Seaborg?
Name the biggest reform for women living in the Wusab As Safil District?
Who is the general manager of the Bernard Lewis workplace?
What is landscape of depicted sea of clouds?
Identify the voting round when Marcio Bittar got the most votes.
Who created and produced Jersey Odysseys: Legend of the Blue Hole?
What is the career of patron Saint, is he philosopher or professor?
Mention the striking painting work of John the Baptist
What taxon is the veal?
Which party does Xi Jinping lead?
What is the protocol of Internet version 6?
What is the group of Arab League nations called?
WHO PLAYED PORTRAYED IN CAMP MEETING?
Which is the removed feature of Windows XP?
Where did Errol Flynn marry Nora Eddington?
The humerus has what muscle origin?
Who plays the medium of shovel?
What is the song with the lowest beats per minute whose lyrics by is Max Martin?
Tell me the Palace that starts with t
what is the alkane of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response that starts with letter p
tell me protestentism that starts with h
What is the significance of the Rembrandt House Museum?
who chairwoman of club played for of romário?
Name the human spaceflight that landed at Kennedy Space Center that had the least amount of orbital inclination?
Which is the product certification for Marsala wine?
What was the position of Hua Guofeng who replaced Zhou Enlai?
What work was Norma Shearer nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Tell me economic sector whose name has the word service in it.
What are the resort which start with the letter s
who is the stepparent of Clark Gable?
WHICH IS THE FUNDAMETAL INTERACTION THE CONTAINS THE WORD INTERACTION IN THEIR NAME
Name a trade association that starts with the letter O
When did album for producer of Jim Henson?
What is the hardest mineral on Moh's hardness scale?
what is sea monster that starts with t
What is the administrative territorial entity of Timothy Dalton who was born at Colwyn Bay?
Who is the country within the United Kingdom for facet of of history of England
Which is the vessel class of the galleon?
Tell me the comics character which start with letter v.
What position did Rodrigo Duterte hold afteer Benigno Aquino III?
Name an academic major that starts with the letter E
What is the detection method of that which is orbited by Tau Ceti?
Which chemical element follows silicon in the periodic table?
Who is the voice actor of Super Smash Bros Melee in the character role of Nobuyuki Hiyama?
Which synonym has the longest gestation period?
Who first described ferrocerium and was taught by Adolf Lieben?
What is the adaptation of the Sneezy narrative?
Which is the volcano observatory for Haleakalā?
What is the informed by of the adapted from of IBM PL/S?
Which is the location of the Antarctic?
What is the treated by of the signs of dengue fever?
What is the record producer of the series of The Amazing Race 10?
Which is the recording or performance of Pavane, Op. 50?
Steve Wozniak is associated with what company?
What what is public educational institution of the United States category for employees of the organization Category:Clemson University faculty and also which that starts with c
What is the artistic genre of Enûma Eliš that is distinguished from a poem?
What fruit type and parent taxon does the cashew belong to?
At what position did John H. Hoover replace Chester W. Nimitz?
Lactic acid contains what monomer and is used to treat what medical condition?
Who was the spouse of Claude Monet?
Who are some famous people educated at McGill University?
What town is Lyubov Kozyreval from?
who is the discoverer or inventor of gamma function?
Who is the film producer of the sequel of I Hope You Find It?
Terry Pratchett was nominated for which medal?
What is the jurisdiction of McCulloch v. Maryland that has the premier of John Tyler?
where did Jammu_and_Kashmir office hold by head of state and office hold by head of government?
What is the recurring tournament that starts with the letter w?
What was the position held by Gough Whitlam, which was replaced by Malcolm Fraser?
Name a small planet that contains the word  90377 in its name
who is managed by exchange of Unisys?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
Where is the burial place of Athanasius Kircher, that is adjacent to the Trevignano Romano?
WHICH IS THE THERAPEUTIC AREA OF BIRTH CONTROL
Who is titleholder of nomination received of Jeffrey Ford?
Who was the film produ er of Rekvijem za teškaša?
who state of Australia for capital of Melbourne?
What will be the effect of bacteria which has prescribed drug of cefizoxime?
Which is the country for which Rodrigo Duterte is the head of the government?
Where is the seat of Nihon Keizai Shimbun, that has villages in Minato-ku?
who domain of continent of antarctic ice sheet?
In a notable incident during the World Premiere, what is the place of Don Giovanni's first performance?
What did wives composed Please Don't Eat the Daisies?
What country are Evanescence from?
What position did James G. Blaine hold when he was replaced by John W. Foster?
What polychoron starts with the letter u?
Who is the voice actor, José Ferrer?
Ruby is what color?
Whom is the developer of the website for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill?
Tell me the national association football team that competition class men's association football and which that starts with the letter f
Tell me the results of the label Cheech & Chong.
What diplomatic relation is in the Jurchen campaigns against the Song Dynasty?
What is the short-chain fatty acid with the lowest surface tension that is part carbon?
What was Bill Cosby military branch while he was a hospital corpsman?
What is Robert Fumerton's battle formation?
Tell me isotope of carbon whose name has the word carbon in it.
What subsidiary entities are co-founded by Google?
When did bridge for named after of Suleiman the Magnificent?
WHICH IS THE TWINJET WITH THE MOST OPERATING ATTITUDE
What is signed by the sister society of Nat Simons?
What is the language of environment of Darkwood?
Which is the language that has nominative as grammatical case and that contains the word udmurt in it's name?
David Duchovny is the producer of which television series?
Who is interested in Vivian Maier?
What is the treatment for cough, whose drug interaction is domperidone?
Who was awarded the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in Matthew Fox?
Buckingham Palace is commissioned by what body?
What 9-Cylinder radial engine model has the least bore?
Who is Dolley Madison's mother?
tell me the rapid transit which starts with the letter s in it.
What is the excipient with the lowest dynamic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
What award was provided to Anthony Hewish and Martin Ryle?
What books did author Truman Capote write?
Name a radio program hosted by Donald Trump
What is the service on internet with the lowest port whose instance of is service on internet?
Nagpur is the capitol of what territory in India?
What are the musical form which start with the letter v
WHERE IS THE BURGER KING HEAD OFFICE IN TWIN CITIES LOCATED?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
What country sent the largest team to the 2019 Winter Paralypics?
Who gave the discipline of published in journal of Fast-ion-beam laser and laser-rf double-resonance measurements of hyperfine structure in 83Kr II.?
Give the planet with the smallest m sin i which is an extrasolar plnaet
When is daylight savings time in Bremen?
What is the nae of the band, who started in London, and name begins with Y
Who are the shareholders of the subsidiary entities of SoftBank?
What shows after The Simpsons?
Was Gustav Mahler`s birth place located in the administrative territorial entity of Kalista?
Who shares a border with Pays de la Loire?
What is the city council of Osaka?
What is the Wikimedia article that lists the characters in War and Peace?
Which is the video game company that manufactured Atari 2600?
Name the Han dynasty capital city with a twin town called Plovdiv.
Tell me medical procedure whose name has the word venipuncture in it.
WHICH ARE THE AUDIO AND VIDEO INTERFACES AND CONNECTORS THAT STARTS WITH Y
Andrew Lloyd Webber composed which musical?
Is the Emperor Gaozu of Han buried in the Yanta District?
Who is the person that was doctoral adviser of Paul Krugman?
Who is the father of Mukesh Ambani
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
Lake Tanganyika is endemic to what?
What music by Adagio in G minor, that has intersex as a male?
What is award received of Arthur C. Clarke that is work is Rendezvous with Rama?
Which is the license to broadcast to Billings?
How did Eros have Nyx as a mother?
What colo are Jennifer Aniston's eyes?
Which is the General council of the legislative body of Paris?
Which Class IB flammable liquid ester has the lowest vapor pressure?
What is the political alignment of Zionism?
What is the canonisation status of the patron saint of zoos?
What is category of associated people of formation robert blake?
What is the symbol of Turdus migratorius?
What is the famous works role model of Voltaire?
Who is the writer of The Double Helix, who has received the Lomonosov Gold Medal?
What level of court is the Supreme Court of the United States?
What is the domain of the disciple of Al-Khalil ibn Ahmad al-Farahidi?
Dan Carter plays which rugby position?
Which kind of music was written for Shadows and Light?
What is succeeded by Maurya Empire?
Who is Julia Gillard's partner?
Which is the IUCN conservation status for endangered species?
Who is the contestant to be the successor of Warning by the Devil's Fire?
What is the relationship between Vaclav Havel and Dagmar Havlova?
Where does Tim Burton work and who is his spouse?
WHICH IS THE HQ LOCATION OF TEAMS PLAYED FOR HAMZE GEZMIS?
Who is the human for founded by of Indian National Congress
What are the athletic conference which start with the letter n
What are the honors of Mike Nichols, whose victor is Alfred Hitchcock?
Which is location of birth consecrated by Dieudonné Nzapalainga?
Who discovered or invented Impressionism and was followed by future Impressionists?
What is the citation venue of the single evolutionary origin of chlorinated auxin that provides a phylogenetically informative trait in the Fabaceae?
what is the highest international judicial court of the european union?
Where did Jessica Alba get married where Cash Garner Warren was the spouse?
what is born at is in the region of opava district?
Which is the next Magnesium element that is followed after Aluminium?
What is the gender identity of Gus Van Sant who inverse in female?
Who directed Neon Genesis Evangelion?
What is different to Medes who is Bayreuth and has admin HQ?
What was Barbara Stanwyck nominated for for Double Indememnity?
What is the birthplace for Max Yasgur, located on the coast of the Bronx River?
Tell me human migration whose name has the word uruguayan in it.
What is the mains plug type that's been replaced in the Union of South Africa?
Who is the chairwoman of Mossad, whose member party is the Israeli Labor Party?
What did Ronald Colman win Best Actor for in the Academy Awards?
Who is husband of Michael Curtiz, whose first name is Lucy?
What is the home venue for Boston Celtics team?
koppen climate temperature is
Name a student of Max Planck
What is associated with religious affiliation of synagogue?
Give me Russia's lowest ranking at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
What is the foundational document of the Soviet Union?
When was Nelson Riddle nominated in the 37th Academy Awards.
What what is triumphal arch heritage designationed by MHC and also which starts with letter p
who has rural cities of neighborhood of saur revolution?
What independent city of Germany starts with the letter z?
What are the foundational text and the history of topic of Islam?
Which of holding company has facility operator as Digby and Sowton railway station?
Tell me the relationship that exists between Johann Sebastian Bach and Johann Jacob Bach
Name a military rank that starts with letter M
What is route diagram of Bay Area Rapid Transit?
What moon orbits Ursa Major I Dwarf?
What are the stock exchange which start with the letter s
What sovereign states make up the European Union?
Who is the occupant of Liberal International?
What country is the North African Campaign a part of?
WHICH IS THE PACIFIC HURRICANE WITH MAXIMUM SUSTAINED WINDS
Where was the location of the invasion of the Russian Empire?
What is official language of Taiwanese Hokkien?
Who is parent company made by Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope?
What city is the twinned administrative city of Auckland?
When did significant event of Nancy Pelosi and spouse?
Who was married to Nikolay Gumilev and why did it end?
What coordinate system starts with the letter u?
What are the film genre which start with the letter w
Which pandemic had the word plague in its name?
What medals are the leader of Alfredo Di Stefano?
At which Japanese castle did Tokugawa Ieyasu die?
What are the working languages of the Indian Reservation of the Usti and Labem Region?
What are the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Neanderthals?
WHAT ARE THE OLYMPIC SPORT WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
Who owns the painting The King Playing with the Queen?
During the 1903 British Lions tour of South Africa, which tournament had the fewest wins?
Who was Katharine Hepburn married to and when did the marriage end?
Which is the state with limited recognition for country of citizenship of Mahmoud Abbas?
What acts as an inspiration for the depiction of Medea about to Kill her Children?
what are thetheorem which start with the letter t
In what country is the region of Levant?
What is the record label of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer?
Which is the business that is subsidiary of Twitch?
Give me an energy production unit, that starts with alphabet 'h'.
Which School authors attended Mutations in the DJ-1 gene associated with autosomal recessive early-onset parkinsonism?
which file system starts with the letter z
Which has a dialect depreciated of Korean?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in the cycle of Calpamos?
What is the basin country of Spain which is including Mediterranean Sea?
Where did J. Edgar Hoover earn his Bachelor of Laws degree?
which was the place of marriage and start time of henry 1 of france was spoused as anne of kiev?
Who is the translator of The Jungle Book?
Who replaced the First Lady of the United States Martha Washington?
Who replaced Miguel Díaz-Canel as the Prime Minister of Cuba?
What are the television station which start with the letter w
What is the name after Reynolds number, who is someone with employment as a civil engineer?
What academic degree did Michael Bloomberg get at Johns Hopkins University?
Nazarbayev has no apparent long-term successor. His decision hit the price of Kazakh bonds, while the London-listed shares of Kazakhstan’s biggest bank, Halyk Bank, tumbled 5 percent. The news also appeared to weigh on the Russian rouble. Moscow is Kazakhstan’s main trade partner.
Which movies were produced by Jim Henson?
Which is record held of Hicham El Guerrouj?
What is the name of the highest peak in Hong Kong?
Which party membership from Thomas Nast, named Garrison is located in Washington, D.C.?
Tell me field of study whose name has the word technology in it.
Who influenced the Ernest Hemingway style of writing?
Who gave the tributary of on coast of of Cape of Good Hope?
Which political party did the Nazi Party follow?
Whose career of film starring Late Show with David Letterman?
Who is a member of a subitem of the history of Montenegro?
Where is the site of astronomical discovery of Arecibo Observatory?
Who is songwriter of Symphonie Fantastique, which has plays is guitar?
What is the genetic association of Maleria
What position does Kevin Rudd hold and when was he elected?
What is Jefferson Davis ' federal state of citizenship?
What type of human research was carried out during World War II?
Who is the character portrayed in 30 Rock by cast member Alec Baldwin portray?
Name the opera based on Candide.
What Old English civilization is in the United Kingdom the province of?
Who is the titleholder of award received of Linkin Park?
What country is Cluj-Napoca in, where Matthias Corvinus was born?
What are the public company which start with the letter t
What competitor of Alfred Dellheim is present at Helmut Kohl?
What city does the show Friends take place in?
What was Kenneth Branagh nominated Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for?
what is historical country of monarchy of basic form of government and also which starts with letter sultanate
What did the treaty discuss during the ending of the Soviet Union?
What are the opera which start with the letter z
Who is the first minister of American Gothic?
Which singer has had the greatest number of children?
What is the twinned administrative city of Chicago?
What is the coined amount of oxygen, that has the member of its Royal Society?
Who is the role model of Alan Hollingburst whose language native is English?
What is the geography of Yosemite Falls National Park?
Who did Laszlo Papp lose to?
Who is the doctoral advisor of Fritz Haber?
What was Barbra Streisand nominated for during her work in The Way We Were?
Which is the headquarters location for Tokyo Institute of Technology?
Which volcano has the most topographic isolation?
What are the colors of the members of Uwe Ronneburger?
Which maximum block cipher describes the Performance Evaluation of DES and Blowfish Algorithms?
What religion starts with the letter y?
What district does the problem we all live with stem from?
Which subsidiary company of developed by MP3?
Tell me occupation whose name has the word whistle blower in it.
What is astronomical filter for Messier object?
What awards has champion Jack Nicholson won?
What is in the shire of Anhui, where the title of the head of government is Premier of the People's Republic of China?
Name an aircraft model asembled in Hamburg that contains the word a320 in its name
Who is the leader of Venice?
Which is the trigonometric function that contains the word versine in it's name?
What taxon is produced by coral?
What are the historical country which start with the letter russia
Where did William Henry Harrison die and where was he buried?
Tell me the republic that is the administrative territorial entity of Mizoram.
Tell me where Jawaharlal Nehru was educated and what academic degree he holds.
Which kid of Rudolph I of Germany has the peerage Duke?
As described by Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, what is the unit of length for the smallest conversion to a standard unit?
For which work Bertrand Tavernier was nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language?
Who is the author of foreword of Jimmy Wales?
Who is Charles Darwin's child?
Where was Jeff Bezo educated at, and what was his academic degree?
who is painter of dilbert that his last name is adams
What is the working life museum with the lowest lighthouse range whose source of energy is rapeseed oil?
Who is the co-founder of the university that Scott McCartney attended?
Which is place served by transport hub of Beijing Capital International Airport?
Which is the grammatical case of Telugu?
Who is the inventor of the power station whose output is measured by the kilowatt hour?
who actress of series of the deep dive?
What is candidate of Venus Williams, that has boss is Monica Seles?
What is the name of the Rutherford scattering that has Alexander William Bickerton as a mentor?
Which artery supplies blood to the stomach?
Which is the topic's main category for pottery?
Name the island with the longest distance from the river mouth from Oryahovo Municipality
What is Esperanto's song anthem?
Does Bonar Law have any genetic association to ADH1B? and can you die from it?
Which language families are studied by linguistics?
What is the name of the moon for the planet Pluto?
Where is the principal place of things happening in the Pomperaug River?
who artistic genre of label of time remembers One time Once?
What medication is used to treat cocaine addiction
What is Ian McKellen's gender and sexual orientation?
Is the London Bridge a bascule bridge?
For what did Alan Rickman was in nomination at the MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain?
What position did Peggy Whitson hold as an ISS Expedition Commander?
Who is the author of foreword of A Brief History of Time?
what are the rebellion which start with the letter w
Who married a contestant of Mussorgysky?
Which sovereign state has the highest central government debt as a percent of GDP?
Is Monopoly's publishing house the parent company of Playskool Inc.?
Who is Mersenne Prime's alias whose first name is Marin?
What gene is associated with colorectal cancer by a genome-wide association study?
What award did Elisabeth Shue receive for the film Leaving Las Vegas?
In what country and sovereign state did the Watergate Scandal occur?
Which means type locality (geology) onforsterite?
What Empire used to have Istanbul as its capital?
What anatomical branch is the bronchus located in?
Who is the mascot of Alan I. Bigel's faculty?
Where and what did Jodie Foster study?
Which nonprofit organization has the largest member count?
Who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of the Chandasekhar limit?
Of those treated by nadolol, who has died from Bumpy Johnson?
At the 26th Academy Awards, what was John Houseman nominated for?
Give the name of periodical literature published for Social Democratic Party of Germany?
What position did Jean Chrétien hold before being replaced by Gerald Regan?
Who won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay for The Best Years of Our Lives?
What is a subsidiary of Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory that is a private, non-profit educational institution with the word Columbia in its name?
Who is succeeded by a competitor of Hundred Days Offensive?
What is preceded by the Emirate of Sicily, which is on the continent of Europe?
What position was held by John Major and what year was he elected in?
Where do Indra Nooyi works for, whose parent company is Tropicana Products?
What is the sister city of Ponce that includes the county seat of Aragon?
When and where did Rajinikanth marry Latha Rajinikanth?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest autoignition temperature?
Who is the godmother of Best Moment ESPY award winner?
What country is David Ricardo a citizen of?
who found the office held by head of the organisation of communist party of india?
which star is companion of Alpha Centauri B and have least proper motion?
What are measures for tide?
Where is landscape of significant works of Henry Raeburn?
What is the Internet Standard of Internet Protocol version 6?
What is it?
Which sculpture has the most horizontal depth?
Where these Neuilly-sur-Seine lived in?
Montevideo is the capital of what state?
What is the favorite player protrayed by Dead Prez's music?
Give the Android one smartphone that has the lowest memory capacity.
What product is made with the Twitter API?
Which bank has the most assets under management?
Who is the chairman of Winston Field?
Which is the astronomical filter of visible spectrum?
What is the equivalent of Vice Admiral that has the NATO code for grade OF-8?
Name the commune of Iguacu Falls, which contains Janiopolis?
What award Pavel Kolobkov received at Fencing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's épée?
Which player has consequence of Serbian Nationality?
Tell me atmospheric optical phenomenon whose name has the word subsun in it.
Who is the central bank/issuer for the International Monetary Fund?
When does Bydgoszcz begin and end daylight saving time?
Is Kuala Lumpur the state of Malaysia
Who is the advisor informed by Richard Dawkins?
What alphabet does Ancient Greek use?
Which is the business for which the chief executive officer is Warren Buffett?
What fictional character was created by Shigeru Miyamoto?
What is child of of has brother of Cao Hua?
What is the qualifier for event of UEFA Champions League?
What position was held by Janet Yellen at the London School of Economics?
Who is the namesake of the Rutherford model whose doctoral student is David Shoenberg?
What is the Urdu language book?
What is maintained by Bild?
Where did the significant works of Giannino Castiglioni take place?
Who caused the death and the honoring of Achilles?
Who is a relative to Tokugawa Ieyasu?
What are the professions in the association of football?
What is a Christian name of Kate Hudson, that is the same as Katarzyna?
Which is the intangible cultural heritage status of Day of the Dead?
Which is published in the series of Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor?
What is the dialect of the Hebrew religion?
who has boroughs of diplomatic relation of brazil?
who federal state for indigenous to of american english?
who is the astronomical observatory for operator of California Institute of technology?
What is the cosmic microwave background experiment with the lowest maximum wavelength of sensitivity whose operator is National Science Foundation?
Which is the constitutional republic for the anthem of The Star-Spangled Banner?
Who is wedded to Cindy Crawford, whose award is the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy?
Name a national economy that contains the word  economy in its name
Who is the grandnephew of Sixtus IV?
where and what did Zaha Hadid study?
What is successor of String Quintet in E major, Op.11, No.5?
Who is the archdiocese in Barcelona?
What disease does RS-methadone treat
What are the belligerents in the American Revolutionary War, who have divided into Cantabria?
Able to speak Ukrainian, what is Taras Shevchenko famous for?
The muscle insertion of clavicle is?
Tell me event sequence whose name has the word wikidach in it.
Which is the category for people who died here of Shizuoka Prefecture?
What revolves around Messier 15?
Who are the contesting divisions in Clash of Champions?
Name the designation being held accountable by John Jay while being as the United states ambassador
What is an SI Base unit that starts with the letter s.
What is the significance of the sons of Richard Wilhelm?
Beechland Beach is located in what town?
Which member of The Smiths originates from a place that has a sister town named Córdoba?
What book has gospels and is in Old English?
Which is terminating connection location of terminating connection of Nagano Prefectural Road Route 395?
Who is the manufacturer of My Little Pony?
Which person is Noether's theorem named after, whose culture is German?
What is the chemical structure of polypropylene?
The Magic Flute is music composed by which artist, who has a mother named Anna Maria Mozart?
What is the parent company of British Airways that uses AMOS?
Name a famous military offensive operation that starts with letter O
WHEN DID THE SPALDEEN ESTABLISHED AND BUILT?
What summit is Rio Bravo filmed at?
Which railroad line that connects with Novosibirsk and which contains the word railway in their name
What sports team plays for Garrincha and how many matches did they play?
What award did Leymah Gbowee receive in 2011 related to the Nobel Peace Prize?
What is the name of a dwarf planet that starts with the letter p.
Who is the leader of the nominee for The Heiress
What is it?
What was Jim Dale nominated for in the 51st Tony Awards?
Who are the employees of WIlliam Blackstone?
What is the electoral district for French National Assembly member Nicolas Sarkozy.
Which is the original network of the Teletubbies?
What is the patron saint of work of Gavan Herlihy?
What is the birthplace of Harald III?
WHICH IS THE LICENCE OF PLATFORMS OF FIFA
Which female holds the record in pole vaulting?
What was the award Tom Hanks received for his work in Philadelphia?
What are the types of the official language of Turkic Khaganate?
What is the alphabet of the language of expression by Nicholas Biddle?
What gravitational-wave detector contains the word virgo in its name?
Which is the university building for the location of the headquarters of University College London?
who is the member of sports team and where is the position played on team / speciality of Dwyane_Wade?
When did member of sports team of Bobby Moore and number of points/goals/set scored?
What municipality of Catalonia, that is located in Bages, is the most populated?
Which chlorine-containing flammable liquid is the least soluble?
Which is the Roman praenomen for Ovid?
Which triple point drug has the highest heat capacity?
Joe Biden was educated at which religious school?
What genetic association of Alzheimers disease is determined by TAS?
What part of work studies the effects of acute total body resistance exercise on hormonal and cytokines changes in men and women?
tell me version, edition, or translation that edition or translation of Bible starts with s
who is the academic degree and student of Pope_Francis?
Which is the programming paradigm of Swift?
Which is the dead language that was replaced by Dutch?
Which is the legal status (medicine) of acetaminophen?
Who is the musical score in Symphony No. 9, that graduated from the University of Music and Performing Arts in Vienna?
Who replaced Lal Bahadur Shastri as the Minister of Home Affairs?
Who is artist of Amazing Grace, whose Christian name is Whitney?
What monotypic taxon contains the word trogloraptoridae in its name?
Who is the role model of Anthony Giddens and Baron Giddens?
Who is the rector of the University of Helsinki?
Which canal has the largest discharge?
What is the cheapest office building in the United States?
What is the standard edition of the IP4?
Who is the co-founder of Rolls-Royce India Private Limited?
Which country has Lockheed Martin's headquarters located in Bethesda?
What are the parent and source taxons of Almond?
Who gave the stockholders of builder of EMD GP39-2?
Who is the head of party membership of Lynn Boylan?
What is the name of the composer of the music used in Blade Runner?
Where is the place of formation of Clannad that has the associated people from Gweedore?
What is the temporal range start and the parent taxon of Animal?
What was Dan Aykroyd nominated for and what award did he receive?
For what work was Tim Burton's Corpse Bride in nomination?
What are the ideology which start with the letter w
Where did Natalie Portman go to college and what was her major?
Which is the territory of Australia that has New Year's Day as public holiday and whose name contains the word territory?
What Phil Dawson play as a team member?
What is the message of Gaia?
Which is the political catch phrase that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America and that contains the word destiny in it's name?
Who is the human for significant person of Sigmund Freud
What college uses the Russia language?
When did member of sports team of Giuseppe Meazz and number of matches played?
The skerry with highest focal height is?
Which is the ethnic group of the religion of Druze?
Name the poem which comprises of Rama as the character
which television station that manager/director bob lger and which contains the word american in their name
What is the special municipality association of Germany with headquarters location at Aachen?
Who is the contestant of part of the series by Edward Mordrake?
Futurama takes place in which fictional universe?
To what sports team does Eddy Merckx belong?
Who gave the type of taxon of taxon parent of Chlorophyta?
Who is patron saint of Holy Spirit?
Who is the child of the father of Hamengkubuwono V?
Which reptile is located in Finland?
Which is the public office that George Weah held a position in?
What is the sex or gender and the religion of Eddie_Izzard?
Tell me Devi whose name has the word vindhyavasini in it.
Larry Flynt is editor of which magazine?
Dorothy Garrod replaced Grahame Clark in what position?
What is the farthest the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research telescope can see?
What awards has Clint Eastwood received?
What comes after a decimal that has a radix of 9?
Who is the CEO of Qantas?
Tell me about the grand duchies located in the Weimar Republic.
Who is the husband of the author of the book Goldilocks?
Jan Steen has what famous painting?
Which is the translator for John Dryden?
What is the sovereign state of the sign language of Jean-Francois Lyotard?
What is in the principal area of Bouvet Island that is also a member of the Group on Earth Observations?
What are the lands surrounding East Asia named?
Which constellation is the star HD 75289 b a part of?
What film comes before Silent Descent EP?
What unit of measurement starts with the letter v?
When did social movement for influenced by of Richard Dawkins?
Which sovereign state replaced Czechoslovakia?
What is the language typology of Mikhail Bakunin?
What are the food additive which start with the letter wax
What is the name of the steel bridge constructed by Irving Morrow which has the word bridge in its name?
What did Ruth Prawer Jhabvala win Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay for?
What location displaying the Coat of arms of Vyazma is the birthplace of Boris Godunov?
What is the name of the neutrino quantum particle?
What Opera did Pyotr Ilyish Tchaikovsky compose for
What is the strain with the lowest maximum viable temperature whose biosafety level is biosafety level 1?
When did animated character for characters of The Lion King?
What award did Kathy Bates receive in the 63rd Academy Awards?
What are the fairy tale which start with the letter w
who is the member of Michel Platini sports team and how many did points/goals/set score?
What is the sister or brother of Xerxes whose child is Darius I of Persia?
What is different to Symphony No. 5 whose succession is Louie, Louie Go Home?
What is the list of monument at the Aït Benhaddou?
What award did William Gibson receive for his work on Distrust That Particular Flavor?
What significant event in Jeff Bezos's career started as an accident?
Which mythological Greek character was killed by Apollo?
What is the capital city in the village of Teknaf Upazila?
Racial discrimination differs from xenophobia in some crucial ways, name another related action which differs from xenophobia.
Name the order of temporal magnitude with the largest conversion to SI units?
Who gave the historic era of mountain system of Retezat Mountains?
What TV serie is produced by David Duchovny?
What work did Satyajit Ray receive the National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Film for?
What are the formulas that contain the word zinsstaffel in their name?
WHICH IS THE ESTATES OF THE REALM THAT CONTAINS THE WORD PEASANT IN THEIR NAME
Which package management system do Androids use?
What is the opposite of summer?
Who are the creators of Colossus of Rhodes, whose's career is builder?
Which director attended Sir Maurice Levy, 1st Baronet?
Who is the voice dubber of the World Wide Recorder Concert series?
Who is Joseph Liouville's employer and what is his start time?
Which association football club is Zinedine Zidane a member of?
When did spouse of Lindsey Vonn and end cause?
what is the chief executive of the label of pearl jam?
Who owns F.C Porto
Who gave theAWLD status of languages of expression of Patton Oswalt?
What US city is the sister city of Nagasaki?
Who was the manager of the team Jimmy Carruth played for?
What electoral district is Henry Campbell-Bannerman who held the Member of the 26th Parliament of the United Kingdom position?
Name an free application written in PHP.
What is the taxon data of this milk?
What is the place of birth and country of citizenship of Paris Hilton?
Name a moon of uranus
Which is partner town of Indian reservation Delhi Public Library?
Name the person who built Burj Khalifa
who are sons of the actress of The Silent Enemy?
What exchange does the designer of x86 use?
What is the parent taxon and the habitat of Streptococcus?
What was Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor nominated for?
What is the title of the followers of lyracist Khandana Bhava-Bandhana?
Harold Wilson was elected in what year and to what position?
What is the family rank of Charles Hawker?
Who replaced Vittorio Emanuele Orlando as minister of Justice of the Kingdom of Italy?
Tell me which is the royal or noble rank which applies to jurisdiction of Ancient Egypt and starts with the letter p?
What is Nice's twinned administrative body and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
Who co-founded the building of the Fender Cyclone?
What is the Indian reservation of Kaliningrad Oblast, that has local government areas including Udmurt Republic?
Which the supranational organisation of the legislative body of European Parliament?
What award do Jessye Norman and champion Judith Jamison both have?
What honours is solved by prime number theorem?
Which earthquake had the highest magnitude on the Mercalli intensity scale with a scale of 11?
Tell me area of mathematics whose name has the word trigonometry in it.
Name an amulet associated with Ancient Egypt.
What is the event location of the Battle of the Atlantic, which has a tributary of River Pol?
tell me virtue that starts with w
What legislature subject is different from tripartite classification of authority?
Who is born in of George Santayana where the partner city is in San Juan?
Name a film crew member from Beauty and the Beast.
What is the name of the company that produces Windows 7?
TELL ME BASEBALL TEAM WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD AGUILAS IN IT.
What is the platform for Amstrad CPC?
How was the murder method of Wilfrid Laurier treated?
Who is the prosecutor of Artemisia Gentileschi?
Mauricio Macri is the head of government for what sovereign state?
which is mirrors data from of Wikipedia?
Who is Kajol's mother and spouse?
What is the taxon parent of B95a's species?
Tell me me a dog whose name consist of the word balto and whose exhibition history Cleveland Museum of Natural History
What monuments were made in the Return of the Prodigal Son?
Which is the manifestation that runs on Feh?
What tunic does Heracles wear?
What is on the coast of Antrim on the Sado River?
What is the play of UEFA Champions League whose governing body is FIFA?
What is the instance of fluorine that is followed by neon?
Which is the medication that is found in taxon of Homo Sapiens and contains the word tyrosine in it's name?
What is Charlemagne's title and followed by?
What facility is operated by the subsidiary of Qantas Freight?
which countries of the country seat of Caracas?
what invention did the nobel prize winner in physics create?
That language follows the Middle English?
What what is sports league season starts April and also which starts with letter i
Knowing about his signs of memory loss that disrupts daily life, what is the disability of Paddy Roy Bates?
What is located in time zone of Mönchengladbach which is valid in period is standard time?
What do humans in the field of work leprosy do for a living?
Which meansstreak color at the color gray?
What are the lawn game which start with the letter ladder
what is fairy tale contains the word witch in their name
Which is the list of characters and the characters of Breaking_Bad?
What is the parent taxon of Chrysanthemum?
Which is on shore of of Conakry, that has tributary is Ribeira da Janela?
Who is the parent of Shunzhi Emperor, who has a child named Bombogor?
Tell me cuisine whose name has the word zosui in it.
What is the eponym of O'Hare International Airport that has a sister city, Vilnius?
Which is the twin city of London?
Which is the zoological name is coordinate with Sciuridae?
What are the life style which start with the letter warrior
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
What is George Blanda's speciality as a member of the sports team, Oakland Raiders
Which is parent range of highest peak of Federal District?
What are the triple star system which start with the letter polaris
Which is language of work of Million Dollar Extreme, that has AWLD status is 1 safe?
Which stock exchange is the NASDAQ on?
which is place of birth of fatimah that is located in the administrative territorial entity is hejaz?
What is the parent taxon of Canidae and where is it's habitat?
What is the outcome of painting of the lord Cochrane?
What Academy Award was Javier Bardem nominated for?
Who did William Holden marry in Las Vegas?
What countries participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Which is the manifestation for human body?
What is the field of craft of Richard Ayoade?
What is the named after and the child astronomical body of Andromeda_Galaxy?
Who was the nominee for Dr. Strangelove's nomination for the Academy Award for Best Writing of an Adapted Screenplay?
What kid of Francis I of Austria was born in Vienna?
Who is the person that was the mother of Giacomo Casanova?
Who is Anna Akhmatova's spouse and why did the marriage end?
What is the federal holidays in the the United States of America that starts with the letter T
What continent is Dehradun's county seat in?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter o
Where is the operating area of the Midlands?
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
who academic discipline for field of work of noam chomsky?
What is the Class IC flammable liquid with the highest no-observed-adverse-effect level whose instance of is Class IC flammable liquid?
What applies to territorial jurisdiction of political seat for Jayalalithaa?
What is the name of the road maintained by the city of Las Vegas?
What is Charles Arnold Anderson's academic subject of expertise?
Who are the subsidiary entities who build the Xbox 360?
What is the time difference between the US and North Korea?
What is the product, material and sound produced by Human?
Which is the magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey?
What island nation has highest marriage age?
Which comarca of Catalonia has the highest nominal GDP?
Who is the human for relative of Julius Caesar
Tell me disease whose name has the word wart in it.
Who is the designer of the theme Tupolev Tu-80?
What organization is the highest authority in snooker?
which has fruit type and taxon is source of Cashew?
What is the subject of a mathematical problem that has a list values union as qualifiers?
What is the eponym of Visegrád Group, whose border by is Dömös?
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of Rugby?
What position did James Matheson hold as a Member of the 15th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is the between of the takes part of Lin Dan?
Which is the city of the twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
Who are the writers of Parzival that craft this poem?
What is theaviation accident with the lowest number of injured whose instance of is aviation accident?
What is the absolute lowest point that is in Doggerland?
What company took over the Garrick Theatre, Southport?
who is student of Natsume Sōseki?
What is the lowest profit automobile marque whose stock exchange is NASDAQ.
What is the country whose leader is Donald Trump?
Name the person who killed highest number of people?
Name the Crossover which sold maximum units?
What is the official language of the Parthian Empire?
What is the death location of Vercingetorix that has borders with Mentana?
What award was received by Ang Lee for his/her work in the Wedding Banquet?
Who is the writer of The Sandman, that has significant works including The Graveyard Book?
What position held by Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield was replaced by Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle-upon-Tyne?
What is a mug made put of?
Name the Wikimedia categorization for the employees of the Princeton University organization.
what is the history of topic and the geography of topic of korea?
What was the underlying cause of the medical specialty of Peter B. Bennett?
who Wikimedia category for category of associated people of Bucharest?
What is an SI derived unit that starts with the letter w.
Which District Councils of Hong Kong has the largest number of Constituencies?
What is the science of the study of Bengali literature?
What was Richard Harris nominated for because of his performance in Gladiator?
How is Structured Query Language managed?
Which is the game mode of The Elder Scrolls?
Where is a painting of Alexandre Cabanel?
What are the subsidiary entities of the loyalty of Larossi Abballa?
Which is anthem of Kenya?
Which cultivar has the highest Scoville grade?
Which Parisian cemetery has the highest number of graves?
What is the unit of length that starts with the letter 'z'?
What is Stephen III of Moldavia's middle name, which has a Latin script?
what is codon represented for encodes of L -Argine?
What was the kinship of Ella Fitzgerald's child Ray Brown, Jr.?
what is london borough starts with l
What are the alternatives to using CO2 snow cleaning?
What is the title of the head of the Commonwealth of Nations?
Which second-level administrative country subdivision shares a border with Hamburg?
Which is the trademarked record label of 50 Cent?
Which memorial cemetery has the largest number of graves out of all memorial cemeteries?
What is the position held by Urho Kekkonen who replaces Ralf Törngren?
What is developed by of Nintendo 3DS, which has chief operating officer is Reggie Fils-Aime?
Tell me system whose name has the word vendian in it.
What is member of crew cosmonaut mission of Oleg Kononenko?
Which is the executive body of Central Tibetan Administration?
What are the close combat weapon which start with the letter y
What treats disease and is used for treatment of leiomyoma?
What is the significance of Vladimir Nabokov, whose bibliographic citation is Possessed?
Who is the skyscraper for based on of Flatiron Building
What is the name for someone who participates in theater
WHO IS THE BROTHER OF URSULE-CATHERINE-FRANCOISE SIEYES WIVES?
Tell me an aircraft power class part of a global airplane fleet, and which starts with a.
What's the name of the island that includes the word zembra in its name?
What is the brand with the highest scale whose instance of is brand?
Which Dow Jones Industrial Average member has the least liabilities?
Which is the activating neurotransmitter for rod cell?
Who is the defender for Johnnie Cochran?
Which is the medical treatment of psychotherapy?
What painting is in the final assembly location at UPenn?
Where is the educational head quarters of Jessica Lange?
What is the furthest planet with the lowest synodic period from the source Otto's encyclopdedia?
Which station is PBS?
Tell me chemical reaction whose name has the word synthesis in it.
Who is the international organization for developer of Julian Assange
In which banknote has the highest face vale?
WHO IS THE SUCCESSOR OF GAMESA SECTOR?
What college major studies the history of the world?
What are the road type which start with the letter woonerf
What position does Axel Oxenstierna hold and when did it end?
what is federal holidays in the united states that starts with t
Where does Vicente del Bosque play?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
What is the Classlnd rating for The Graduate?
who concept for studied by of materials science?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for their work on American Beauty?
Chris Froome won which mountain stage with minimum speed?
Who was killed by Alexander II of Russia as the manner of death as homicide?
who river source of tributary of yangtze?
What was discovered by Urban Le Verrier that Proteus orbits around?
Oprah Winfrey founded what television channel?
Which is the gas giant that is a child astronomical body of Prometheus and contains the word saturn in it's name?
Tell meacademic major whose name has the word theory in it.
Where is the member of citizenship for Raphael Lemkin?
Which statuette is the thickest?
What are the aerospace manufacturer which start with the letter z
who served as a doctoral advisor for Srinivasa Ramanujan?
WHAT IS THE NATIONALITY OF DEWITT WALLACE MEMBER?
What work is produced by the owners of the Volfas Engelman?
Name a proxy war that contains the word  war in its name
Who is the human for member of of Beastie Boys
What is Impressionism?
From what country did Atlas Shrugged originate, and in what language was the work written?
who is the publisher and developer of Dota_2?
Which member of party of Klaus Gärtner?
What is the conjugate base of citric acid
Tell me the deductive language that contains the word prologue in their name
As a Catholic Church, what religious order did they give Boston College?
hat is the source of energy for this heat?
who is the member of Ellyse Perry sports team and how many matches did they play?
What is the world record held by David Rudisha for?
What is the name of a type of antiproton?
What award did Darya Domracheve receive as a participant in the 2018 Winter Olympic - Women's Relay Biathlon?
who is titleholder of nomination received of Friendly Persuasion?
What are the manned spaceflight programme which start with the letter p
What was on the shore of Leicester where River Trent was drained?
What is the name of a private not for profit educational institution that starts with the letter u.
Tell me mechanical property of materials whose name has the word yield in it.
Which solid flammable chemical compound has the lowest explosive velocity?
When does the basketball season start for the National Basketball association?
What field is associated with soil science and is considered to be equivalent to pedology?
What is follower of Ramakrishna?
What is the country of citizenship of Salman of Saudi Arabia
What is the rural district name in the Germany which has more male population?
WHICH IS THE FEDERATION WITH THE MOST PPP GDP PER CAPITAL
What is Auvergne's Wikimedia portal's main topic?
What geological events happen in the Inyo County in California?
What are the explosive material that starts with the letter w
Which is the national anthem that is published in Cedarmont Kids and contains the word banner in it's name?
Name a gambling game that contain the word zahlenlotto  in its name
WHAT IS HELD POSITION OF ANDREW JACKSON THAT IS ELECTORAL DISTRICT IS TENNESSEE'S 1ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT
What other brand uses components manufacturerd by Intel?
Which republic that is a member of the International Finance Corporation has the lowest Human Development Index?
What color are Sunny Leone's hair and eyes?
which award is received to Konrad Lorenz and at what time?
Name a student of Max Planck
Who is the person with most national team caps?
When did Brandenburg become Cottbus District?
Oman has jurisdiction over which public office of Qaboos bin Said al Said?
Which is the country of origin for The X-Files?
Who is the top dog of Bill Shoemaker, whose top dog is Alvaro Pineda?
What medication can be used to counter drug reactions to (RS)-methadone?
What does John GIlbert's spouse do for a living?
What is the name of the invention by Humphry Davy that uses Faraday's law of induction?
Where is the tomb of Vernon and Irene Castle?
What is the Wikimedia category for the category for employees of the organization of Villanova University
What strain has the lowest minimum viable temperature and whose biosafety level is 1?
Where is the birth place of Giambattista Vico that is known as the twin cities in which San Francisco is one them?
Tell me non-governmental organization for development whose name has the word ornithologicalin it.
What is the population of Neptune?
What is Mario Monicelli nominated for in the 38th Academy Awards?
Which is the languages spoken, written or signed and the native language of Pope_Francis?
Which ortholog gene is associated with INS?
Name the archaeological culture that contains the word Sumer in its name
What software is used by Ryanair?
What businesses sponsor Oracle
Latin America diplomatic link is what?
Who is the developer of Free Software Foundation?
Who is the oldest person at an event?
What type of kinship Dick Van Dyke to his niece?
who is manager/director for commands of Erich von Manstein?
The most flammable solid with the most ionization of energy?
How has John Russell, Viscount Amberley influenced children?
In the administrative unit of New Calendonia, has Lagun Onari won the award?
What is owned by television channel of Bleach?
What is the facility launch site of US Airways Flight 1549?
Which is child body of parent body of Iapetus?
Which is the deepest point in Rhode Island having tributary of Mana River?
Who is the sister of Selena?
In which country did American English originate?
Who is the brother of the screenwriter of The King - Jari Litmanen?
who children of cinematographer of enkitta mothathe?
What is made of an orange cartoon cat, that has gender is boy?
What  character role  has  cast member  as  Ryan Moloney  for  Neighbours ?
Who is famous for the portrayal of Bali Ha'i?
who is the influenced by of Christopher hitchens?
which radio program starts with o
Which subject has role of Samus Aran?
The capital of Norfolk is in which county?
What is the political party of Alcibiades DeBlanc?
What instrument is played by Scandinavian Airlines?
What major works are created by Ruth?
Where is the location of death of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just who is next to Le Kremlin-Bicetre?
Which voice actors of series She Swill Survive?
What is the binary star with the minimum luminosity whose instance of is binary star?
What is on the bay of Praia that has a tributary called the Amazon basin?
What award did Ray Milland for his work on The Lost Weekend?
Name the shortest wheelbased Sport motorcycle
Which album has Ellen DeGeneres produced?
The fact that Gro Harlem Brundtland was the Prime Minister of Norway pertains to what subject?
what is norse deity starts with o
1st place medalist, Dave Brubeck, received which recognition title of Henry Fonda?
What is the working place created by White Cat?
Who is the topic of Shear zone whose scholarly filed for is plate tectonics?
What teams has Nestor de Vincente played for?
What is similar to Atheism and what is its opposite?
What language regulatory body of Portuguese that applies to part of Portugal
Tell me chronology whose name has the word timeline in it.
What is the activity policy in this place of the art collection of Saint George and the Dragon?
What are the regional organization that shares border with the Central African Republic and which that starts with the letter a
Tell me a painting that depicts Mona Lisa with the word lisa in its name.
What language did Nigerian Joseph Edet Akinwale Way speak?
Which are the programming paradigm of logic programming?
Who is the media company for publisher of The Economist
What Australian sport tour has the least amount of tied/drawn matches/games?
Which day in the Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar has the highest Sandbox-Quantity?
Which is the Stadtbezirk that contains administrative territorial entity of Bonn?
Name the flag carrier operated by the Airbus A380.
What is the translation for Bay of Biscay in Asturian?
Which national association football team occupies Wembley Stadium?
What characters of Journey to the West were described in A Chinese Odyssey?
What are the automobile manufacturer which start with the letter z
Who is the episcopal see for office held by head of the organisation of pope
How was George I of Great Britain related to Sophia von Kielmansegg, Countess of Darlington?
Where are the medals of Humphry Davy, who were won by Manne Siegbahn?
John Oliver is the television host of what show?
What human is the copyright owner of Mein Kampf?
Name a professional sports league starting in September that starts with letter P
What is the sister city of Cochabamba that has been subdivided into Centre-ville of Nantes?
Which is the national anthem that contains the word nunarput in it's name?
What award did Konrad Lorenz win, and who won it with him?
Where is the work location of Theresa May whose twin town is Shanghai?
Who works at sally ride that is part of the executive office of the president of the United States
For what was On the Waterfront nominated Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score at the Academy Awards for?
Where is the place of the Taxi Driver?
Which series is dubbed by Cape Feare?
What day is Thanksgiving in Liberia?
What is treated for legionnaires' disease that acts as an antibiotic?
What is the official language of the First Bulgarian Empire where the alphabet is the Early Cyrillic alphabet?
What is the eponym of Jeans instability who had a career as a mathematician?
That is another name for Santa Claus?
Which is the Public Eye Award for the winner of Walmart?
Which star classified in the Arcturus category has the highest color index?
Which airline starts with the letter a has the business division Alliance Air?
Who replaced V.P. Singh as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh?
For which movie was Channing Tatum nominated for th eIndependent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male?
What are the laws and regulations of Hong Kong?
TELL ME DOG WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ULK IN IT
Who is the student of Louis Pasteur?
Who is the employer of The Guardian?
Which university is located in the Milwaukee area.
What was Robert Wise nominated for as a result of his work on West Side Story?
What is in the category winner of Phil Taylor?
Which is style of architecture buried in Edmund Allenby, 1st Viscount Allenby?
What airport is in Los Angeles?
For what was Rebecca nominate for in the 13th Academy Awards?
What are the physical law which start with the letter s
Who's birth place is Belgrade?
Name a yearly celebration occuring during the winter solctice that contains the word yule in its name
What is the role played by the characters in Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy?
What is in the commune of Taraba State that is also a member of Group on Earth Observations?
What is the specific cause of death of Lawrence Kohlberg, that was due to a breathing problem?
Name an European sport governing body that contains the word european in its name
Who replaced John Quincy Adams as United States senator?
What is the county seat of Jerusalem, whose name originates from the Tribe of Judah.
What are the space velocity which start with the letter velocity
Who is the publisher and creator of Playboy?
What relative of Walter Gropius died in the town of Haifa?
What heptalogy starts with the letter s?
What is Jennifer Carpenter's role on Dexter?
What country in Zürich did Hermann Weyl die in?
Tell me the geographic region that is located in the terrain feature of Oceania and contains the word melanesia in it's name?
What are thenonprofit organization which start with the letter videolan
How was Leon Trotsky assassinated?
Where is the terminus location of Confederation bridge?
What is written by the author of The Book of Disquiet, that has languages of expression is Portuguese.
“I have taken a decision, which was not easy for me, to resign as president,” Nazarbayev said in a nationwide TV address, flanked by his country’s blue and yellow flags, before signing a decree terminating his powers from March 20.
What is the genetic association of Sarah Kane's Paralympic disability?
What is based on the Bangladesh Liberation War?
What Spiegel im Spiegel composition has received the Honorary doctor of the university of Liege award?
The Rothschild family has what painting in their collection?
Which gravitational-wave detector founded by Kip S. Thorne has the longest wavelength of sensitivity?
Name the active ingredient in amoxicillin.
Which is charted in Like a Rolling Stone?
Which position did Adrian IV hold before being replaced by Alexander III?
who contestant of part of series of thats the guy?
Which modern language has the largest number of speakers?
Which is the school that operates the DC-3?
Which Bilderberg Group did Emmanuel Macron participate in?
What position was occupied by John A. Macdonald and is now held by Alexander Mackenzie?
Who is the human for notable work of Flatiron Building
tell me thunder god starts with z
Tell me the holiday that starts with the letter w
WHICH IS THE UNIT OF VOLUME THAT STARTS WITH C
WHO IS THE COMPETITOR OF BARBARA HEPWORTH?
What films has Francis Ford Coppola been the executive producer of?
Tell me which is the software company which starts with the letter x?
Who wrote the screenplay for Vyasa?
Wuala was developed by what owner?
Tell me the binary star that constellation Canis Major and which that starts with the letter s
Who is voice dubber mentioned in of Creeper?
What is Saturn V's space lasunch vehicle?
In which state do most native Americans live?
West Azarbijan Province, which has boroughs, is in the parish of Kerman Province.
Tell me economic indicator whose name has the word soil in it.
What painting of The Starry Night has borders in Noves?
Which is discoverer or inventor of Lee de Forest?
What is the sport that is played in Madden NFL, that has instruments played and penalty flags?
What countries are part of the European Union?
Where was the birthplace of Louis VI of France in the country seat of United Federation of Planets?
Who is the member of political party of United Russia?
what is the landscape of venus callipyge, which is equivalent of aphrodite
What is the partner city in which John Smith died in?
Who is the patient of Charles X of France?
What is the pope's official residence palazzo?
What is the seat of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, that is adjacent to Wetteraukreis?
Where does the Kaveri River meet the ocean?
Who is the executive power within Montreuil?
Which administrative divisions of Madagascar is next to Antananarivo Province?
which position Oswald Mosley did hold and when did he select?
What municipality shares a border with Ottawa?
Which is the artist collective for the movement of John Cage?
Show me the film studio that starts with the letter v.
Java uses what sofware engine?
What is the birthplace of Go-Daigo, whose mayor is Daisaku Kadokawa?
What was the position held by Glenda Jackson when she was a Member of the 51st Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Who fought against Scipio Africanus?
What part of Costa Rica shares a border with Panama?
What is the flim genre of the part of series of final approach?
What is the tribute of the shore of Faial Island?
What Ancient Greek unit of volume has the biggest conversion to standard units?
Where are The Band's cat films shot?
Who was Walter Raleigh's father?
What is the cast of Moses?
What is David Foster's record label?
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
What is the conflict landscape of Sakata Kanetom Eating at Home?
Who was the leader of the Weimar republic?
Who is famous for of writers of To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation?
who is born at partner town of Nadya A.R.?
Bradley Wiggins is a member of which UCI ProTeam?
What is  represented by  of  Henry Moore  that is  a role for an object  is  copyright holder ?
What is Feda's highest throughput submarine power cable?
Who is the followed by Communist Party of China has chairperson as Zhao Ziyang?
Name the closest interacting galaxy from Earth whose constellation is known as Cetus.
What species are held by the affiliates of the Greater Los Angeles Zoo Assocation?
When did literary award for award received of J. R. R. Tolkien?
Which subtopic of the history of technology is the study of technique?
What is the parent taxon of Lactobacillus?
Which is the temporal range start for Triceratops?
When was Denzel Washington nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
Who is the executive director of the parent company of True Corporation?
Who is Garrison of Indiana University Bloomington residing in Monroe County?
What type of judge was Edmund Barton?
What is the tributary of shore of Gran Canaria?
Which is the season of 1?
WHICH IS THE BRAND WITH THE MAXIMUM SCALE
What is the eponym of Jupiter that has a child body called Chaldene?
What borders Osaka Prefecture where the twin town is Special Region of Yogyakarta?
What works of the film director of Finian's Rainbow?
What is secreted from Fertilizer?
What are the former building or structure which start with the letter t
Which is closed on for Wednesday?
Tell me about position held of Tony Abbott and elected in?
Which is the major religious group that Jesus Christ is worshiped from?
Name the river with maximim Strahler number?
Mention the television series featured by executive producer John Oliver.
which meanshazard on site fromshark?
Which awards has Angela Lansbury recieved?
What is the natural features in Rhodes that has a tributary near the Koprucay River?
What is a dyad that begins with the letter y?
WHICH IS THE CELL COMPONENT OF LYSOSOME
Which locality has the largest male population?
Which field work of Edward Howard-Vyse?
Who was discoverer of of atoll, that was a member of the American Philosophical Society?
Which territory of Indianapolis is Unigov located in?
What are significant ingredients to Christo?
Who was Paul Krugman's main influence?
What positions are held in NATO?
Who are Burt Lancaster's children?
In what electoral district did Oswald Mosley was a Member of the 35th Parliament of the UK?
Which is the active patron saint of Adrian IV?
Tell me about partner of Ian McKellen and end time?
Who gave thealumnus of of developer of of Web 2.0?
who is the player of Battles of Lexington and Concord?
Which is the grammatical gender for Norwegian?
Tell me me a city-state whose name consist of the word hamburg and whose highest point hasselbrack.
Who is the character of Book of Genesis whose daughter is Hezron?
What is the league of major league lacrosse?
What are some of the signs of HN-1?
What are the IBM official Cocktail which start with the letter v
what is the human name of pi?
Who was Michel Houellebecq when he was working in Paris?
Who replaced Jan Karol Chodkiewicz as the Great Hetman of Lithuania?
Wha television film miniseries has the most episodes?
What is the source of this taxon of Pyrus which is made from Pyrus communis?
Tell me the city in Ukraine that replaces Khadjibey and whose name contains the word odessa?
Which is the B-side for We Are the Champions?
What prize was awarded to Steve Francis the prizewinner?
What is the bordered City of Cape Town, that contains a Saldanha Bay Local Municipality?
Name a parent taxon of Spinacia oleracea
Can you name the J.K. Rowling book that has sold the least copies?
What is the ship with the lowest draft whose country is Norway?
what is political ideology starts with w
Which is the academic discipline that studies the history of the world?
Who was received the Nobel peace prize together with Yitzhak Rabin?
What is replaces of Kingdom of Great Britain that applies to part is Wales?
What is grave at film script byThe General?
What galaxy cluster has the most flux?
Where is the studio that filmed the narrative of Val?
What is the  place of death  in the territorial administrative entity  for  Joseph  like  Nazareth ?
What is the type locality or geology of density?
Tell me Wikimedia disambiguation page whose name has the word zhou in it.
What birthplace of Eero Järnefelt is in the County of Viborg and Nyslott rural city?
What was the position of Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen, when he was replaced by Philipp, Prince of Schwarzenberg?
What Ostrogothic Kingdom capital city has a central European time zone?
What is the employment of Marlene Dietrich, whose field of this employment is in estrada?
What is the craft of Carneades whose patron saint is Catherine of Alexandria?
Who is the TV production company that employs Oprah WInfrey?
which group starts with the letter o
Who is victim participated in conflict of Guy de Montlaur?
What is the occupational carcinogen with the fastest speed of sound?
Name the death location of John X, which has a twin town called Cincinnati.
whats the classification of eddy merckx
What geographic rift is located in Frankford?
who disease for has effect of bacteria?
Which band contains the word u2 in their name
Which is diplomatic relation of Rwanda, where member of is Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation?
Where did Ken Burns study design?
What inspired Dracula?
What is the diplomatic relation of the sovereign state of Mataram?
What is the castle for the burial place of Hadrian?
What is the product of the brand of Yum China?
What sports team is Hope Solo a member of and how many matches did she play?
Which was the cryptocurrency being invented by Satoshi Nakamoto?
Name the lake with the highest salinity among those described by Paulys Realenzyklopädie der klassischen Altertumswissenschaft.
What is the event location of the event during the Pacific War located on a tributary of the Ruvu River?
Where was the birth place and place of burial for Rumi?
Who is the spouse of the Sailor Moon author?
What are the orbits of Europa and it's moon Thebe?
Who is the relative and what is the role of Dirk Nowitzki?
Name a civil aircraft operated by American Airlines.
What venue of the Battle of Nahāvand is in the borough of Central District?
What is Morocco's diplomatic mission?
What is landscape made of from Still Life with Apples?
Who is the protein for physically interacts with of fentanyl
Which actor in Close Encounters of the Third Kind has worked as an astrophysicist?
Mention the professional playing partner of Ernest Hemingway
Was science studies Rashomon's original work?
Who is the co-founder and facility operator of Express Tram?
What represents the artwork of Donatello?
What award was Dustin Hoffman nominated for that he received?
What part of New York City was Cecil Taylor born in?
Which is founded by George Safford Parker?
What is the position and electoral district of Tony Abbott?
Who created the musical genre hard rock?
WHat is the Matterhorn's parent peak?
Name the profession of people working with interior design
Which 1435 mm track gauge locomotive has the maximum boiler pressure?
What is causing Ada to lose her dialect?
Who are the composer and the producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Tell me the presentation by Sandra Hoffmann-Ursache and where she presented.
Who is won by honorary title of Scott Cooper?
Which Pyrénées-Orientales region produces the least amount of wine?
who is nominated of Annie Girardot that has work of Les Misérables?
When did spouse of Drew Barrymore and end time?
What population of stars is on Planet Nine?
Who is the chairperson of Justin Trudeau's political party?
What is the actress, that has received the Bodil Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role?
What is in the administrative region of Hudson River, whose category of associated people is Category:People from New York?
Which sovereign state has the official language Latin?
What kind of oil was used in the portrait of Vista geral do Centro S. Paulo 103?
What are the city in Ukraine which start with the letter vylkove
Which is the musical form which contains the word variation in it's name?
What television station does Oprah Winfrey work for?
Where in England did Alexander McQueen die?
What is the moon of Neptune?
What is the undercarriage of Cessna's 172 Skyhawk?
What are the names of Neil Gaiman's father and spouse?
What is the sacred language of Hildegard of Bingen?
Which is timezone of continent Balhae?
Which protein interacts with codeine?
Which is a pawnbroker for the material used of wool?
Who is the spouse of Charles Laughton and when did the marriage end?
Which is the location of formation and the headquarters location of Microsoft?
What are the administrative divisions of the headquarters of Sinovac Biotech?
Which is calculated from the body mass index?
What was the cause of death of Robert West?
Tell me the branch of philosophy that contains the word philosophy in their name
When did position held of Sebastian Coe and elected in?
What award did John Steinbeck receive?
What is the place made Airbus A300 whose Indian reservation is canton of Toulouse-2?
What is the statistical system for Hebrew
What is member of party of Normandy landings?
who jurisdiction of legally established by of water pollution?
Which is founded by the American Civil Liberties Union?
Who was the stepfather of Claude Debussy?
Who directed the Seven Samurai?
What is the hometown of Phil Jackson that is in Sherdan County?
What country is Siege of Constantinople from? Are they from Asia
What is the specification edition of Intel?
Is the history of Greenville County a subtopic that divides into the history of SC?
Who replaced Michal Korybut Wisniowiecki as the King of Poland?
What is architect of Giorgetto Giugiaro?
Who is the author that wrote the Discworld series in their secondary language of English?
Which is twin town and death place of Ann Radcliffe?
What is the noble title for a duke?
What language used by William Hogarth is often confused with Spanglish?
What award did Eric Heiden receive for men's 1000 meter speed skating at the 1980 Winter Olympics?
Which movie is about Stephen Hawking?
How did the participants of the American Revolutionary Way help constitute the republic?
Tell me the basic emotion which contains the word trust in their name!
Where did Francisco Goya live and until when?
With an inflow of Kultuchnaya, what are the waterfalls on the Angara River called?
Tell me language family whose name has the word quechua in it.
Where does the New York Yankees play the sport of baseball?
tell me duo starts with r
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
WHICH IS THE STATE OF AUSTRALIA THAT STARTS WIH V
When is the book was published by Zork that was established by David Crane?
What ancient Greek temple starts with the letter t?
What carbine starts with the letter z?
magnitude film studio
What is the human with the lowest age of consent whose given name is Ram?
Who is informed by Dizzy Gillespie whose profession is conductor?
What is Wales the capital of?
Name a task that contains the word quantum  in its name
What is a subsidiary company of Robert Mundell's alumni?
What is the edition of this religious book of King James?
Are The Happy Accidents of the Swing still on exhibit?
What is the proxy for Vyacheslav Molotov?
What is the continental area and the surrounding islands of Southeast Asia?
What award did Allison Janney receive, that was won by Mary Steenburgen?
Tell me the business of the stock exchange of the New York Stock Exchange that contains the word wabtec in it's name?
What are the people that are bordered by Londonderry County called?
What is the name of a feminist movement that has the word wereldvrouwenmars their name.
The function of a real variable is what input set?
Which is the Zamenhof-Esperanto object for the language used of Esperanto?
What is the nationality of Emmanuel Macron?
What films did Marlon Brando direct?
Tell me unitary authority of England whose name has the word wokingham in it.
What kind of music does Amalia's Pachelbel father?
Tell me magazine whose name has the word zillo in it.
Which headquarters location is located in the administrative territorial entity of Princeton_University?
What was the position held by Jose Ramos-Horta which was replaced by Taur Matan Ruak?
How was Lemmy Kilmister, who was taking the prescription drug hydroxyurea, murdered?
Which is the scientific journal that originated from the Soviet Union.
Who besides Hank Aaron has received the Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award?
What does the magnetic ordering of the breach loading gun do?
What was the explosive material invented by Alfred Novbel that contains the word dynamite in its name?
Which insecticide has the highest decomposition point?
What award did Juan Carlos I win?
Which position was held by Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery who replaced John Wodehouse, 1st Earl of Kimberley?
Which member of the American Mathematical Society has the highest Erdős number?
Who uses Pellagra?
What is the Classic IC flammable liquid with the highest peak exposure limit?
Idini Menzel won a Tony award for what at the 58th Tony Awards?
What is the portrait of Jiří Brabec's death?
What are the geological supereon which start with the letter precambrian
When Giuseppe Acrimboldo held his position as a court painter, who was his employer?
Who did Irving Thalberg marry and when did the marriage end?
Which is prequel game platform of The Sims 2: Pets?
Who is winner of Benny Carter?
Who served as director and director of photography for the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Who were J. R. R. Tolkien's parents?
What award did Annie Hall receive that Woody Allen won?
What are the characters of Joshua who is the deity of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Which is the position that George Weah held as position?
What ethnoreligious group starts with the letter y?
Which jurisdiction of Parliament of the United Kingdom that has diplomatic relation to Malta?
Which is musical key of Piano Concerto, whose prequel is is D minor?
Who is the grammatical person or language official in Alberta?
What are the people of the Minoan civilization categorized as?
Who plays in the sequel of Ziegfeld Follies (1911)?
What is the murder method of Bill Gold that has a genetic association in SORL1?
How many editions of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon have been published?
What is the name of the spacecraft Godone Cooper was on?
What are the perceptions of cocaine?
what is the member of the comes from of esquire?
In what former Soviet country was Ramzan Kadyrov Ebonat born?
What are the works of influence of Immanuel Kant?
tell me instruction set architecture that designed by Intel that starts with x
What is award received of La Strada that is statement is subject of is 29th Academy Awards?
WHO IS THE MUSICAL ARTIST OF THE FILM MINORITY?
Which is the alphabet which contains the word thuluth in it's name?
When is the genetic association of the orthologs of leprosy?
What is the original language of The Price Is Right, where there is a neuter grammatical gender?
Name an ancient monument that posesses the World Heritage and that contains the word group in its name
What river has the strongest and largest flow at the mouth of Kattegat?
Which electoral district of Western Australia has the largest electorate?
Tell me what sports team Mircea Lucescu played for and how many points, goals and sets did he score?
How much output is developed by Oracle Advanced Security?
Who is parent company of workplace of Madeleine Mathiot?
Which is the public company for the manufacturing of Coca-Cola?
What is nominated for Chinatown that is nominee is Robert Evans?
When did military airbase for place served by transport hub of Belgrade?
Ennio Morricone composed music for which films?
Tell me the art movement that starts with alphabet y
Name the test that measures the intelligence
what were the responsibilities of Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges as director
Which is the INCAA film rating for Gone with the Wind?
What is the facet of reincarnation?
What taxon with a Capsicum annuum parent taxon has the lowest Scoville grade?
Which is the Fach for Maria Callas?
Who is the biblical figure that is the patron saint of Rome?
What country signed the North Atlantic Treaty that has a spoken language of Portuguese?
Which is the office held by head of the organisation and the official language of UNESCO?
Who was the student of Axiothea of Phlius who wrote Apology?
What is the higher taxon rank in Fringillidae?
What association football league's name starts with S?
WHAT IS THE TRIBUTARY CONFLUENCES OF RIO DE LA PLATA?
What death place of Sigismund III Vasa is associated with people from Warsaw.
WHICH IS THE PLANETARY SYSTMEN OF PLANET ON TROLD SINUS?
What is the location and the present in work of Noah?
What are the unit of measurement which start with the letter visus
Tell me phase change whose name has the word sublimation in it.
Who is the film editor of Back to the future?
Who formed the Rammstein brand
who is the Giants for killed by of apollo?
Who was Michael Faraday's teacher?
What is the Tungsten's has effect and location of discovery?
WHAT IS CONSEQUENCE OF ANTONYM OF LAMINAR FLOW
Which is the aerospace manufacturer for the manufacturing of Cessna 172 Skyhawk?
which isotop of lead has the minimum parity that make it a nuclear isomer?
What did Ella Tiene Fuego play before it took that name?
Who gave the artwork of architecture firm of Mandarin Oriental, Tokyo?
Who gave thesigns of implies of marble?
What is the show hosted by Steve Kroft that has 60 in the title?
Which is the social classification of boyar?
What is the findspot of dysprosium, which was divides into the 1st arrondissement of Paris?
what is reserve currency that contains the word dollar in their name
Which administrative territorial entity did Maya Deren die in if her death took place in New York City?
What is Bermuda's diplomatic relation, that has the same time zone as Alaska?
Name an organization that still uses Latin as official language
For what language is March named after Betula?
What is the used language of James A.Garfield,that has history in history of the English language?
What work in Jamaica was Lee Scratch Perry nominated for?
what is port city that starts with z
Who is Kylie Jenners sister?
Who is president in the commune of of Neuquén Province?
What is the alphabet of the written language of Ivan Vazov?
Which monoanion should I use to make conjugate acid of citric acid?
Which written language by Carl Sagan has descriptive linguistics in third person masculine singular?
Who is the historical country for shares border with of Roman Empire
Which manned spaceflight programme that contains the word project in their name
Who is the inventor of the zipper whose carreer is in engineering?
What is main topic of bardo, which founded in is Bodh Gaya?
What degree did Warren Buffet get at Columbia Business School?
Who is the video game publisher of Datang Youxia Zhuan?
Which is the basic form of government for Taungoo Dynasty?
What country uses renminbi as its currency?
What material used and the produced by of Wine?
Give me the name of country of citizenship of Michael Redgrave that is end cause is Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927?
What are the isotope of hydrogen which start with the letter t
Which is the month of the year for December?
WHICH IS THE COMMON NAME WITH THE MAXIMUM BITE FORCE QUOTIENT
Who is the spouse of Gerard Way?
Tell me legal concept whose name has the word sanction in it.
which international organization that contains the word worldskills in their name
What medicine was patented by the manufacturer The Coca-Cola Company?
Which is the city in the US for the twinned administrative body of Nagasaki?
Who is the diplomatic relation of endemism in Koala?
Who is a member of the standards developing organization for geologic time scale?
Who is appointed by Pius VI?
What is the Vidhan Sabha in Odisha?
Where was Stevie Wonder born?
Name the piano composition composed by Claude Debussy?
What is made from medium of olive oil?
What what is holiday intangible cultural heritage status intangible cultural heritage and which that starts with n
What is it?
Who is employed by John Wycliffe and lives in the Oxford neighborhood?
Which is the domain of learning the feminist theory?
Who is actor in the show Born a Gamblin' Man?
What carbon isotope starts with the letter c?
Name a book released by Stephen Hawking?
What is persimmon's higher taxon?
which narrative starts with v
What are the associated astronomical bodies of the Andromeda Galaxy?
Name the profession of someone working with statistics
What is FC Bayern Munich's home venue?
Which is the country that is indigenous of the American English?
What are theunitary authority of England which start with the letter w
Tell me the timezone in Kurdistan.
Who is the human for spouse of Katy Perry
which is the personality trait which has the word valor in its name
Which is the skyscraper for which William F. Baker was an architect and contains the word burj in it's name?
What is a common material used to make tapestries?
Mention the ethnic group related to the Yiddish.
Name the interstellar object discovered at Haleakalā with the longest rotation period?
What medicine is used to treat leprosy?
What is the headquarters of Carol Padden's workplace?
Which is the Wikidata property example for Serge Blanco?
What gene was determined through TAS to be associated with post-traumatic stress disorder?
Who is the public limited company for designed by of ARM architecture
In Macbeth, King of Scotland what gender identify is often confused with man?
Who conferred the Doctor of Philosophy to Camille Jordan?
Who is the Gaussian function named for, whose recorded religious denomination was Lutheranism?
Tell me military campaign whose name has the word operation in their name
Who is thefilm for cast member of Al Pacino
What do the students of Ann C. Noble do?
Where is the death place of Stefan Yavorsky, who has the county seat for the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
What country participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
What is the engine family with maximum bore?
Which shire is the birth location of Sam Concepcion?
Which is the position played on team or specialty of John Elway?
Which is the set in period of the Old Kingdom of Egypt?
Which nuclear isomer of bismuth has the least neutrons?
In which country is Dutch spoken?
Is English the language that Carol I of Romania speaks?
What is the name of the character present in Nineteen Eighty-Four?
What is Ford Motor Company's car manufacturer for its business division?
which flammable gas with the minimal lethal dose whose has effect of arsine exposure?
What country with Jeddah and twin cities did Mimar Sinan die in?
Who is the host of series of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno?
Where did Liam Neeson married Natasha Richardson and why did it end?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What is Gerard way's occupation and country of citizenship?
What is the sports of the specialism of Angelo Piffarerio?
Which is language official of Miss Universe, where has case is genitive case?
What higher taxons are found in species of hearts?
What was the reform for the Yuan dynasty in China?
What is the next season of the Disney Infinity 2.0: Marvel Super Heroes series?
where did mecca locate in time zone and locate in the administrative territorial entity?
Who are the writers of the prequel to No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach?
Who uses Aeroflot, they also use Stobart Air?
Which humans reside in Rotterdam?
Which disease has high disease burden?
Name the underground railway station with maximum patronage?
Who employs the astronaut Gus Grissom?
tell me low-cost airline starts with the letter v
Which chapter is it in this version of Hamlet?
What territory is Montreal the capitol of?
Tell me what is located in or next to body of water of the Kabul River.
What venue was a part of Franco Baresi?
What are the commune of france which start with the letter e
Who lives in Anita Bryant whose arrondissement is Pittsburg County?
What is the currency of Syria?
What role did Winona Ryder receive the Academy Award for Best Actress for?
What is the post of Clement Attlee and when he was sworn in?
WHO INFLUENCE THE CREATORS OF VOYAGEURS?
What does manure produce as a by-product?
What is the chemical compound of vinegar?
What is a Class II combustible liquid has the smallest electric dipole moments?
What was the hematologist Julius Nyerere's cause of death?
What city is twinned with Sofia?
Which child of Julio Iglesias won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album?
Tell me the contract of the collection of Lincoln Cathedral that contains the word carta in it's name?
In the region where the King James Version was published, what was the big event?
What was the dysnasty of David?
Which is the human-geographic territorial entity which starts with the letter w?
In which building is located the diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church?
What are the astronomical object type which start with the letter v
What is the top selling single produced by David Bowie?
Where the Russian Empire, Alexandre Scriabin was dead?
What is has father of Guangxu Emporer, that has is daughter of is Imperial Noble Consort Zhuangshun?
Which parent of Fernando Pessoa is named Joaquim?
Who was the mother of Archduke Franz Ferdinand?
In which city the main headquarters of the company PricewaterhouseCoopers are located?
Which club did Richard Bartel play for as team manager?
Who has the list of the quantum particle types?
Which is the ice giant that has Sun as parent astronomical body and contains the word uranus in it's name?
What is the twin city of Casimir III the Great's death place?
What organization decides who wins the Tony Awards?
What language did Mary, Queen of Hungary speak?
Name the explosion with the highest number of casualties in the Gulf of Mexico.
Which is the antonym for CFSI of Gujarat?
What is the first described death place of Ariel?
What are the space probe which start with the letter v
What does Metroid develop?
Where is the next crossing downstream of the London Bridge.
Lake Kariba, a tributary of the Luena River, is fed by which river inflows?
What sports team did Birgit Prinz play for and what was the number of points, goals and sets scored?
What is an attendee of the Russian Air Force called?
Which airline uses Airbus A330
What position was held by William Massey in the electoral district Waitemata?
What is the Hanseatic city with the highest vehicles per capita (1000) whose category of associated people is Category:People from Lübeck?
As a member of Comecon, what did Bulat Okudzhave found?
which brand that starts with the letter v
Name the Class IB flammable liquid with maximum combustion enthalpy?
Tell me the academic writing of author Charles Darwin that contains the word origin in it's name!
What is the name of the shore that Willa cather died on?
Mention the public official holidays granted in Sweden related to the resurrection of Jesus and commemorates.
Which is place of activity of Eleftherios Venizelos, that has twin cities is Prague?
What designer was inspired by Component Pascal?
What is the next platform of 1001 Spikes?
What is Glenda Jackson's title?
Who gave the has sister of marriage partner of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
Where is the sovereign state that plays God Save the Queen?
Hubert Dreyfus studied at which college where the school's primary colour is crimson?
Tell me about the unitary state that contains the administrative territorial entity of Sofia.
Where is Paracelsus buried?
What was the language used during the time of the Achaemenid Empire?
Where does Thomas Jefferson's special people stay?
What is the district of Yemen with the lowest female population whose located in the administrative territorial entity is 'Amran Governorate?
What is the theme of katal, also known as Sekunde?
Tell me hot spring whose name has the word unapdev in it.
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Messier 77 whose murder method is yellow fever?
What is the currency for the Australian dollar used in the British Empire?
What's the name of the color model that starts with an h?
What are the new religious movement which start with the letter syntheism
What what is city-state highest judical authority by HCC and also which starts with letter h
Who is nominated for of Woody Allen whose for work is Deconstructing Harry?
Where is the residence and the occupation of Johnny_Knoxville?
What art exhibition was Vincent van Gogh a participant in?
Tell me opera whose name has the word zhenitba in it
What was Dominique Blanc nominated for at the 26th César Awards?
who television program for presenter of oprah winfrey?
What vaccine starts with the letter v?
What is the item operated by the airline Airbus A380?
Which taxon is named after David Bowie?
Which is the member of political party of Booker T. Washington?
When did position held of Mehmed the Conqueror and end time?
What is it?
What is monomer of propylene?
What is the taxon rank of Spider and who is Spider's parent taxon?
What is the full name of the singer Cher?
TELL FILM GENRE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WESTERN IN TI
Tell me which is the world view that starts with the letter t?
What wards are in the Hautes-Pyrenees district?
what is louis leakey named by?
Which member is author of Two Treatises of Government?
Which city has maximum age of compulsory education?
What product is made by P-26B Peashooter?
What airline operated the Airbus A340?
Which Ritchey–Chrétien telescope in the European Southern Observatory has the most observing time available?
What is Fred Hollows signed language used in his case?
Name someone related to Ezra Pund
In what movie did Val Kilmer play as Moses?
Which is the newspaper format for Die Zeit?
Tell me an automobile marque in the London Stock Exchange that starts with the letter t.
Who did Indra Nooyi hire as chief executive officer?
Who is Mongolia in diplomatic relations with, that has it local government in Hubei?
what is in the office held by head of state of knyaz?
What fictional city is the Andy Griffith Show set in
What did Hagia Sophia commission and found?
Who discovered sodium?
What is the height of the highest peak of Mount Whitney?
What video game has the smallest amount of players and is free?
What is timeline of topic for precedes has Prehistoric Egypt?
What is the sequel to The Matrix?
What colors are streaked in a pearl?
Which subsidiary company is developed by NTFS?
What is in the Indian reservation of twin cities of Panama City?
Who is the artist that painted this image of Richard III of England?
what is physical phenomenon name starts with s
Complete information for the GCFC2 gene.
Which is the medication that vinegar is used as material?
Which is said to be the same as a square metre?
What is named for the Thomson scattering and has significance with the plum pudding model?
who is the dialect of british english?
Which is the biogeochemical cycle which starts with letter c?
WHO BURIED THE CREATORS OF THE SACRIFICE AT LYSTRA?
which custom starts with z
WHICH LAGOON HAVE THE HIGHEST RESISDENCE TIME OF WATER?
Tell me the position that starts with the letter y
What is the union lacking cohesion for sedan
What is constellation of 47 Tucanae?
Which is the biological process that contains the word viral in it's name?
What does the academic minor of ethnology entail?
Which Parlophone label artist was the song “Yesterday” written by?
For which work did Carlos Ruiz Zafon receive the Crimezone Thriller Award?
Who was killed by William the Silent?
tell me about the position that martin McGuinness elected in?
When did single for genre of hard rock?
What award follows the Hasselblad Award received by Susan Meiselas?
What position did Vannevar Bush hold for the MIT Corporation?
What user of Concord has Concorde 211 in it's fleet?
When did syllabary for facet of of Japanese?
What is the name of the airline that operated Airbus A300?
Where is the Comarca of Catalonia, which shares border with Noguera, with the lowest nominal GDP per capita?
Where where the rural scenes for the first Star Wars movie filmed?
What's is Weimar Republic's official anthem?
What is the seat of Le Monde, whose river basin district is Seine Basin?
What is it that is located in the administrative unit of Menshikov Palace in Saint Petersburg, which has administrative divisions in Solnechnoye, Saint Petersburg?
What is the place where filmed Andrei Rublev whose village is Ryazansky District?
which unit of mass starts with z
What type of fantasy film is Peter Pan?
What has Jon Landau of Avatar fame been nominated for?
What are the mausoleum which start with the letter z
The natural script of the Arabic alphabet has what uses?
Who wrote The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
According to the Wikimedia project of vital articles name the gas company has the least amount albedo?
What is an umbrella term that starts with u?
What is the religion of Druze?
Name the stepparent of Sally Field.
Sulfate ion has what conjugate acid?
What is the mentioned in of the characters of Prince Lestat?
For which work did Jean-Louis Trintignant receive César Award for Best Actor?
Who is the G-type main-sequence star for child astronomical body of Pluto
When did partner of Ian McKellen and start time?
Tell me about series of Chrysler Building and follows?
What is themed after the An-225 Mriya, that has been operated by the Russian Air Force?
What effect does the disease diabetes mellitus have?
Who is the subsidiary to Marvel Comics?
Which is the country that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Sindh?
WHICH IS MEASURED BY PHYSICAL QUANTITY OF WATT HOUR
Which is the song published of Septuagint?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Tell me the rock band that has PureVolume as website and contains the word u2 in it's name?
Who is the child and spouse of Quincy Jones?
When is national holiday of comes from of Battle Royale?
What is Salt Lake City's category for films shot and the associated people?
Who gave thevoice actors of part of series of The Butterjunk Effect?
tell me wine color that starts with w
What is the end time and place of marriage of Ernest Borgnine who has Ethel Merman as his wife?
What does the type of media in Premiere pluie represent?
Who gave the representative of painters of Relativity?
Which books are in Bill Gates collection?
Who is the human for member of political party of Social Democratic Party of Germany
What piece of Michigan has been subdivided into Mason County?
What caused Jimi Hendrix to die from asphyxia?
Which is the parent taxon for Python reticulatus?
Who wrote the bibliographic citation titled SIV-induced instability of the chimpanzee gut microbiome?
Tell me about position held of Edmund Barton and electoral district?
In what year did Constans II die?
What is the career of the religious affiliation of First Epistle of John?
What is the Hypertext Transfer Protocol document
What was Cliff Robertson nominated Best Actor at the Academy Awards for?
Give the name of the taxon with the lowest chromosome quantity whose progenitor is Passifloraceae.
What award Paul Scofield received for his work A Man for All Seasons?
What are the intelligence agency which start with the letter s
Who was the consecrator for Paul VI?
Who gave the member of of author of Private Investigations?
What is the county seat for the train station serves at the Qamishi Airport?
What taxon is used to produce silk?
What is signs of cause of tetraethyl pyrophosphate?
What is the Population I star of Neptune
Who wrote The Jungle Book?
Krater is the predecessor of what civilization?
What are the legislative and executive bodies of Arunachal Pradesh?
Where was the creator of Nude Figure born?
Tell me what work Helen Miren was nominated for?
What area has Ryan Reynolds lived in that has a border with West Athens?
Which is the highest judicial authority for Supreme Court of the United States?
What is present in work of Zorro?
Where is the place of death of John Stuart Mill, that is also a sister city of Ioannina?
What is the language of work and narrative location of the book Of Mice and Men?
who is PhD advisor for doctoral student of Louis Marin?
Tell me what is the determination method for hepatitis B with a genetic association of HLA-DPB1?
Tell me the producer and executive producer of The Empire Strikes Back?
Who is the leader and office of Tamil Nadu?
Where is Priyanka Chopra's citizenship and what is her religion?
After London Bridge, what crossing comes upstream next?
who political border for has effect of Congress of Vienna?
does the program support the language of the assembly language
What tributary ends in the Jari River?
Where is Islamabad located?
who member of played by of The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again?
Which is the military rank and the military branch of Manfred_von_Richthofen?
What is it?
Who replaced Benjamin Disraeli as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
what is solves os make use of link state routing protocol?
What are the dialect that writing system Cantonese Braille and which that starts with the letter c
What award did Rex Harrison win for his work in My Fair Lady?
What is the flag for the Flag of China?
To which musical genre does the musician Disappeared belong?
What was the role of W.E.B. Du Bois as a member of Alpha Phi Alpha?
For what work Ellen Burstyn has nominated to Academy Award for Best Actress?
business entity in Russia
What business is Steve Bannon's employer in?
Name the official designation held by Bashar al-Assad
What forename of John Henry Anderson's is the same as Gian?
which class of instruments starts with s
What are the ship type which start with the letter w
What work was Mary Magdalene involved in and at where did she die?
Name the award for which Franco Zeffirelli was nominated for his/her work in Romeo and Juliet?
What subordinate companies does Dassault of Rafale hold?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
For what piece of work was Viola Davis nominated for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
Name a high-altitude German aircraft.
Which products are made by Pilatus P-5?
Which is the seat of the radio station of Prime News?
Name the tour in Teatro Colón with the most representations?
Who is the suspect of the Battle of Bouvines, whose gender identity is male?
What medication works on Chickenpox?
What website starts with the letter z?
Which is coextensive with of Brasília?
Tell me the media franchise for the language of the Japanese?
What position Rafael Correa was elected in Ecuadorian general election, 2009?
Which company manages Boeing 707 for which the holding company is United Continental Holdings?
Who is the HQ admin of the parent company of The New Yorker?
Who is the father of Amitabh Bachchan?
What country is The Star-Spangled Banner connect to?
TELL ME THE TERM THAT STARTS WITH V
What is the mantra created by Vishvamitra that contains the word Gayatri in its title?
Ebola is caused by what taxon?
$3.95 per usage day, with a maximum rate of $19.75
What is the confederation of the Saxe-Hildburghausen?
WHICH IS THE NATIONAL SPORTS TEAM THAT IN THE COUNTRY OF AUSTRALIA WHICH STARTS WITH T
Which tram-train, with the maximum capacity, is normally used as ERROR1?
Which is the island located in the natural feature of Lewis, Dell Mill?
For what work was Judy Garland given the Grammy Hall of Fame award?
Tell me which is the world day that contains the word nations in it's name!
In the sport of professional wrestling, what is the championship?
Who is premier of hometown Leo Frank?
When did member of sports team of Rabah Madjer and number of points/goals/set scored?
Name the high school shooting with the most shooters?
Which is the adjacent station of Govan subway station?
What is the federated state located in the Weimar Republic?
In which film do you expect most average shot length?
Which career chemist developed radium?
Neon Genesis Evangelion is based on what Manga?
What Author has a Physics book written by him / her, who's favorite player is Democritus?
What state borders Qualcomm?
What is Moon Jae-in's position?
Which disease has the longest incubation period and whose primary symptoms include abdominal pain?
What is the anatomically connects with the esophagus
Who is the sibling and the child of Jerry_Van_Dyke?
What city is the twinned administration for Nagasaki?
What public office does John Jay hold?
Tell me about sovereign state for diplomatic relation of Soviet Union?
What did Norbert Kolten found?
What is Pete Conrad's backup or reserve team or crew?
What is tribute to before of Daizen-ji?
what were the economic branch of shareholder of google public area?
Inform us about the maximum total reserves of the country?
Where in Israel did Ovadia Yosef die?
What are the religious text which start with the letter t
Which company owns the American Broadcasting Company?
What's Pete Townshend's lyrics song?
When did silent film for film editor of Sergei Eisenstein?
What are the languages spoken by Cesare borgia who has 1 safe AWLD status?
What is the readable file format for YouTube?
What is the currency for the Weimar Republic?
What is end time and start time of Boeing 747 has operator as Air Algérie?
What is part of constellation to parent body of HD 74156 c?
Name E. Coli's strain with the highest optimum viable temperature
Which is the reply to postmodernism?
What are some hard rock albums?
What are the state function which start with the letter z
Who is the first person which contains the word phoroneus in his name?
What is divided into diplomatic relation of Belarus?
What was Rama's next series after Balabhadra?
who association football club for member of sports team of alan shearer?
The birth location of Jack Black has a twin city in Shanghai. Which city is it?
Name a sovereign state in which English is the official language of.
What oil drop experiment is the ASME Medal named for? What is the prize awarded?
Which is the death place of J. P. Morgan?
Where on a natural feature, and when, was Time Inc. founded?
what is the etymology of fermi gas,that has language written in Italian?
What are the region covered by Lighthouse of Alexandria which is located in twin cities in Kazanlak?
Tell me the legal right influenced by Richard Dawkins?
What headquarters in the City of Westminster is William Etty a member of?
What archives are located at Bauhaus?
What political figure was part of the First Crusade?
Where is the terminus location for the Channel Tunnel?
Which characters has Jerry Seinfeld played?
Who is the daughter-in-law of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister or brother is Friedrich von Brandenburg-Ansbach?
Who does the voice of Thomas the Tank Engine on the show Thomas and Friends?
What are the modern language which start with the letter thai
What is the capital of Karnataka?
what is Atlanta's territorial entity and time zone?
Which is time zone of Arizona State University land?
Who is Jennifer Hudson's spouse or partner?
Which is has towns of nationality of Rollo May?
What is forename of John of Scotland, whichhas is said to be the same as is Hanns?
What is the place of death of Kurt Vonnegut whose country is United States of America?
What are the municipalities in the History of Northern Ireland?
What is the character role of Kate Walsh in Grey's Anatomy?
what is the topic of history and opposite of capitalism?
What are the Greco-Roman mysteries which start with the letter mysteries
who doctoral student of advisor of Johannes diderik van der waals?
WHat is the currency issued by the Bank of Japan that starts with letter J?
Tell me identical twins whose name has the word veronicas in it
What is the manner and place of death of Jeff Buckley?
Who is the captain of the Indian national cricket team?
In which building the New York Stock Exchange is located?
tell me hindu temple which name has the word temple in it
What is the source of income for subsidy?
Who is the illustrator of Charles Dana Gibson?
Which is the SI base unit measured by temperature?
Which is the phase of matter for sulfuric acid?
What is the Alumni of Marvin Hamlisch, that has Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education cultivating Arts & Sciences plus professions, and some graduate coexistence?
Frank Lloyd Wright, the famous architect's house, is located where?
What video game company is Gabe Newell associated with?
Which is the web series of the creator of Felicia Day?
Which triple star system has the most stellar rotational velocity?
Which tournament in New Zealand has the fewest losses?
Where is prime minister Emma Goldman's place of activity ?
who is the country code top-level domain for top-level Internet domain of Czechoslovakia?
Tell me the painting technique that contains the word wet in their name
WHO IS THE FATHER OF THE FILM DIRECTOR OF HUMILIATION?
Give the name of the city with the most vehicles per capita (1000)?
In which language or work, Friday has been named after number 5?
Who is Kenneth D. West Ph.D supervisor?
What denomination has influence of Irwin Corey?
Guess the component that results into the initiation of the automobiles
Which is the combustible powder for the medical condition inflammation?
What position is held by Neville Chamberlain and when was he elected?
Which is the data set for the event of Juan Carlos I?
What is the state of belligerents of Muslim conquest of the Maghreb?
Mobutu Sese Seko replaced Haile Selassie I of Ethiopia in what position?
Which is nomination received of Andy Murray, that has winners is Juan Pablo Montoya?
what is the capital of babylon?
What is the Hepatitis B gene?
Who is the spouse of the characters in The Bacchae?
What lake is located in Munich?
which is portrayed by famous work of weng qingxi
What is in narrative of sidekick of Luigi?
Who is the daughter of Great Britain's King George II, that married to Frederick II and was the Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel?
Name a participant of the American Revolutionary War.
When did member of sports team of Javier Zanetti and number of matches played?
What are the historical ethnical group that starts with the letter 'x'
Name the country that is a member of the UN's Educational, Scientific & Cultural Organization with the least amount of compulsory educations?
Name a salad that contain the word yam in its name?
What character in Twin Peaks was played by Michael Ontkean?
What's located in the administrative unit of Banjarmasin that has arrondissements in Barito Kuala.
What is the public office of the government ran by Shantou?
What is the opposite of extinction?
who named for the classical mechanics,that has craft of philosopher?
What is Michael Shellenberger's job?
What was Indiana Jones performed in the Young Indiana Jones and the Treasure of the Peacock's Eye?
WHO IS THE AGENT TOOK PART INHENDRAN
What weapon model has the highest pressure?
Who is the member of the as directed by the Dolores Claiborne?
What unions does the European Parliament participate in?
Who edited the HBW and BirdLife International Illustrated Checklist of the Birds of the World?
Name a county in England used for many movie shootings that starts with letter H
which direction is Bruno Latour?
which agricultural deity that contains the saturn in their name
What religion is studied by the Slavs?
What is the tropical cyclone with the highest cost of damage whose topic's main category is Category:Hurricane Sandy?
Who is the financial backer of Irish Wikibooks?
Tell me the retail chain which starts with letter z!
Where did Henry and Nancy Kissinger get married?
Who is the daughter of Iskandar Thani?
Which acid anhydride containing oxygen has the lowest thermal conductivity?
tell me mythical human-animal hybird statrs with p
tell me missionary society that starts with s
What is the destination of Voyager 1 and where does it start from?
What is the city located in the administrative entity of Golden Horde
What is the garrison of Die Welt that has municipalities in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg?
What is the capital of England, it is in the administrative unit of Kingdom of Wessex?
who replaces for Philippe Pétain has position held as Deputy Prime Minister of France?
Who gave the depiction of the pendant to the Attributes of Music?
What is a follower of Swami Vivekananda called?
Who is the play for depicted by of Richard III of England
What was Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon nominated for on the 73rd Academy Awards?
What is Petronas Towers architect called
Which birth city of Zhu Hi has administrative divisions in Yimen Country?
What is the history of the event location of Singapore Art Museum?
What are the colors of Herbert Banks team?
Where is the headquarters for the Salvation Army?
Tell me stellar classification whose name has the word type in it.
What are the legal profession which start with the letter solicitor
What position was held by Victor Yanukovych and then by Oleksandr Turchynov?
Which country contains Sofia?
What is Reddit's working, name, or programming language?
What degree did Martin Luther King Jr. receive at the Crozer Theological Seminary?
Tell me leather whose name has the word suede in it.
Who is the person in the field of work of ophthalmology?
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is an organization from which federal government?
What method was used to determine that ASRGL1 had a genetic association to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
Where is the birth place of Fred MacMurray?
Who is musician of prequel of of Hero?
Who was the second doctoral advisor to Andreas Vesalius?
Which is the doctoral thesis for literary theory?
What was Harrison Ford's character role in Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi?
How do you treat pheonl disease
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
Which is published on Minesweeper,that has translation of Windows 2000?
What award did Ilya Mehnikov win where the champ was Louis Agassoz?
What TV network, broadcasting in English, contains the letters RT in its name?
What are the aspect of music which start with the letter p
According to Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927, when did John Maynard Keynes die?
What is the theme of Isaac's significant work?
What cast member's role is Miss Rosa in Orange is the New Black?
What is the child astronomical body of makemake?
The surname of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger begins with which letter in the Latin alphabet?
Which is twin town of Aarhus, that has has boroughs is Nangang District, Harbin?
Which is the magnetic ordering for Iron?
Which voting round had the most abstentions?
Which are the subsidiary entities of shareholders of Harvard Mark I?
Which county has the burial location of Marie Taglioni?
Is the Rosetta Stone an example of a stele?
For Superman, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
Name the Class IB flammable liquid with highest density?
What's the name of the sister town of the place where Franz Holzapfel died?
How is called the inscription on a remote control unit?
what did the writers of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor work on?
What is the name of the tributary's river of the lake in New York?
What position did Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim have until he was replaced by Juho Kusti Paasikivi?
What musical artists of Finlandia play the genre of music called incidental music?
Which toponym of Classical Cepheid variable has part of constellation that is Cepheus?
Tell me the polychoron that contains the word uniform in their name
Name a movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe released in 3D?
Which is the church building for the Hungarian language?
Tell me Internet Standard whose name has the word utf in it.
Which is the award that Angus Deaton received following Jean Tirole
What is a highly literate Polish person?
What is the prefectural assembly with the highest number of seats whose applies to jurisdiction is Mie Prefecture?
Mahmoud Abbas is a citizen of which country?
Which Brazilian dam failure left the most missing people?
Who was Superman's sidekick?
Who is the person that was the wife of General Tom Thumb?
What philosophical school and movement was Thomas Aquinas a part of?
Who is died in of Patriarch Joseph, that has has districts is Yuzhnoye Tushino District?
What sovereign state does Rodrigo Duterte preside over?
Where is the principle office of Sciences Po that is in districts of the 20th Arrondissement of Paris?
Who is the developer of NGC 7027 whose second language is French?
What colours are on Kashirskaya?
Hannes Alfivén was a member of what organization that is headquartered in Frescati?
Which is the business that is designed by ARM architecture?
What is the unit of mass that contains the word way  in its name
Name a city next to LOS angeles
What is the hinfluence of the language of expression of Christina Grimmie?
Name the isotope of holmium with the smallest spin quantum number?
What type of relationship is in between Toyotomi Hideyoshi and Gohime?
What subject in the history of Wisconsin tells of the division of St. Croix County?
which battle that participant nazi germany starts with s
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
Who is the voice actor in Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
Which ship has the most masts?
What computer file can produce a spreadsheet?
Who is the student of William of Ockham?
Who is affiliated with NYU?
Who is the founder of Mad Decent?
What is in the category of Don Quixote?
What body of work did Paddy Chayefsky get nominated an Academy Award for Best writing, Original Screenplay?
Which belligerents competed in Klaus Brähmig?
what is the diaspora of moors?
Isospin and symmetry
Who co-founded the region release of An Introduction to the History of Science?
What was the noble title of Lothair I?
What is the name of a firearm that starts with the letter s.
What is the official app of Instagram?
Name the winner of the FIFA World Cup match between Sweden and England.
What is aircraft in fleet for item operator of tank?
What has died in Solon which has the twin city Barcelona?
When did monument for depicts of Dante Alighieri?
What point group and streak color does quartz have?
which is the eye and hair color of Tyra_Banks?
Who painted Porky Pig that also has a surname of Freleng?
What is the name for someone who lives in the Soviet Union
What are the human settlement which start with the letter z
What Julie Andrews was nominated for The Sound of Music?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Who played the alumni of the role model of George Saunders?
Which is sports league of team played for Hope Solo?
Which is the former populated place of country of Golden Horde?
Where did the M4 weapon originate from?
When did Angela Merkel begin her term as prime minister?
What award did Duke Ellington receive for Jonas?
In what country is Stanford University's Stanford headquarters?
Who is the person that was the mother of Patty Duke?
What is the influence of Walker Percy,that has participated in conflict in world war II?
What citation is published in the journal of Strategies for reporting health plan performance information to consumers; evidence from controlled studies?
Which brother or sister of Artemis has a kid named Hymen?
What is name of the river located next to Chongqing?
When and what was the position held by Deodoro da Fonseca?
TELL ME PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD XL IN IT,
Nigel Farage was employed by whom and until when?
Which is the umbrella term which contains the word undead in it's name?
What are the plague pandemics which start with the letter p
What was William Goldman nominated for at the 49th Academy Awards?
What is satellite of orbits for Mimas?
What are the cryptid which start with the letter yowie
What country in the Holy Roman Empire was Innocent IV born in?
What part of the series is Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny?
Who composed West Side Story?
Which is the fictional humanoid that is represented by Iron Maiden?
Which terrorist attack left maximum number of survivors?
Which is the city that is capital of Austrian Empire?
What is the central processing unit with a minimum FSB speed whose lithorgraphy is 45 nanometers?
What is the occupation of Rachel Sylvester?
which poison lead to less number of victims of killer in Parnu?
Which medicine is the essential treatment for bipolar disorder?
Which place with town rights and privileges has the largest water as percent of area?
Who are Dan Bilzerian's sibling and father?
tell me video game series that contains the word warlords in it
When did member of sports team of Robert Lewandowski and number of matches -played?
Who is a member of the citizens of E.C. Segar?
What is John Bushell's middle name, that is supposed to be the same as Jón?
What country contains Beijing?
What constellation is the star Calpamos part of?
What are the symptoms of the common cold?
What music was from Romeo and Juliet that was college attended at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory?
What are the history of a country or state which start with the letter history
Which famous place of Indian History has a lake on Arabian Sea?
What sister city to Haifa is the headquarters of Newcastle University?
What are the market structure which start with the letter oligopoly
In what language is Around the World in Eighty Days known as Jorden rundt pa attio dagar?
What is the type of business entity of the service operator of HM Prison Lowdham Grange?
how is solves of Dijkstra's algorithm?
What business is conducted at the New York Stock Exchange?
who film for screenwriter of jim henson?
What triad is used for the family of Joseph?
What is located in present-day administrative territorial entity for Guayaquil?
Where is the final assembly of Bijapur held?
What are the fictional hybrid which start with the letter warhawk
When was the Gutenberg Bible printed?
For what work did Andy Samberg win the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Television Series Musical or Comedy?
Where is Coimbatore located?
What are the types of cuisine that start with letter Z?
What colors are Renato Bertocchi's team?
Tell me the sovereign state for the capital of Belgrade.
What's the B side of the song We Will Rock You?
What is Paul Rudd's ethnic group and gender?
What is the tributary of the reservoir on this river of Sulak River?
Who was nominated from West Side Story to receive the Academy Award for Best Cinematography and Color?
Who was Sigmund Freud most famous student?
Who is the head of Wenckheim Frigyes?
Which is the lithography for CMOS?
Which is the business with the headquarters location in Barcelona?
Who is the sister of Max Mosley's niece?
Who are Krishna's father and sibling?
What is the currency of the country which Mary Lou Retton is a citizen of?
WHO IS THE ORGANISER OF THE PLAY OF 1996 NORWEGIAN SINGLE DISTANCE CHAMPIONSHIP IN SPEED SKATING
What is minimalism according to a statement disputed by David in the Bible?
What is it?
What computer network protocol runs the main regulatory text of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
What at Ferdinand de Saussure has doctoral thesis as De l'emploi du génitif absolu en sanscrit?
Which organization founded the United Nations General Assembly?
what did sub-orbital spaceflight mean for the mission that the crew member Alan Shepard was a part of
Which is the opera the lyrics of which were by Philip Glass?
Who is the Louis Pasteur's student?
In which part of Spain did Antonio Gades die?
What is Ardashir owner of?
Which is the video game for which Gabe Newell is a developer and chief executive officer?
When and where did Victor Hugo married Adèle Foucher?
What award did Bob Fosse receive at the 45th Academy Awards?
Who is the partner for Helen Hunt?
What is the conjugate acid of sulfuric acid?
which conglomerate has the highest market capitalization?
Which 2+2 has the largest torque?
When was the Battle of the Bulge?
Which is the platform for Street Fighter?
What award did Nikolai Andrianov receive for participating in the Gymnastics at the 1976 Summer Olympics - Men's parallel bars?
What is the twinned administrative body which is located in the territorial administrative entity of Staten Island?
William McGonagall's birth place has a twin city in San Diego. Which city is it?
Mention the animation studio built for operating the American Broadcasting Company
What does the Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo operate in the São Paulo Metrô?
Which is the acquisition transaction for loan?
Which play includes the character Dionysus?
Who is the voice dubber of the Professor?
who is the Wikimedia category for category for films shot at this location of lahore?
What is confused with acrobatics, whose label is Rawkus Records?
Fo what film did Jack Nicholson get the Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the part of constellation of setting location of Mass Effect 2?
Who is the person as child of Stanley Kubrick?
Jeannette Rankin is responsible for heading what?
Who was the student of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe?
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
For what work has Orelsan received an award for a video clip?
What is Stephen Hillenburg's middle name, that is that same as Stefan?
What are the film studio which start with the letter s
Who is Isadora Duncan's mother?
What is the cause of death of the member of the board of directors, A.C. Milan?
What is the NMHH film rating of 'Singin' in the Rain'?
What what is system follows Ediacaran and also which starts with letter c
what is the field of profession of Eileen R. L. Reed?
What is the catchment area located in the river mouth of the Chari River?
What is the longest bridge that crosses the Schuylkill River?
What is David Bowie's album?
Mention the genetic codon enlisted in the L-Arginine
Does the founder of Walmart, Jim Walton have any children?
What village does Rotterdam share the border with?
Which is managed by cosmonaut mission of Oleg Novitskiy?
Who is buried in Montreal?
What is the country club with the lowest slope located in New Jersey?
Tell me me a province of China whose name consist of the word woman and whose category for films shot at this location Category:Films shot in Sichuan sichuan
Which is the museum that is commissioned by the Suleiman the Magnificent?
What is the vallis with the largest diamater and located in the hellas quadrangle?
Which game controllers control the Wii?
Which measn cover artistfor David Copperfield?
Who is role model of writers Railsea?
What is the field of this employment of the employment of Heinrich August Dietrich?
Which is conferred by of Tony Award?
Which is the television series produced by WWE?
What is stoicism?
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
Which attack had the largest number of perpetrators?
what is the unit of length that starts with 'y' and that measures the physical quantity in length.
What is the name of the office held by the head of government in Manila, and what body of water is it located near?
The Smithsonian Institution is the parent organization of which art museum?
Which is the state or insular area capital in the United States that contains the word trenton in their name
Frank Gehry created which National Memorial of the United States?
What is the royal title of Louis the Pious and who followed his reign.
What is used to save Jonah Lomu from murder?
Which sports team was Valeriy Lobanovsky a member of and how many matches did he play?
What is the ethnic background of Mesrop Mashtots?
Who co-founded the prize that was awarded to Alfred Charles Ernest Franquet de Franqueville?
Who are the characters in the remake of Dante XXI?
Which country has the currency Japanese yen?
Tell me the municipality of Norway that contains the word øyer in their name
Which actor played Dana Scully in The X-Files?
What organization applies to the European Parliament?
What are the borders of Northamptonshire, whose namesake is Leicester?
What countries celebrate Chinese New Year?
What is the language used in Barbados?
What are the software companies that contain the word xanalys in their names?
TELL ME SERIES OF CREATIVE WORKS WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD SERIES IN IT.
What type of taxon of taxon parent of Picozoa?
In which World War did the power known as the Allies participate?
what name is given to the day Monday is named after?
What structure was replaced by Cologne Cathedral?
Where the human place of burial of Venice?
Who are the composer and producer of Grand Theft Auto V?
Which are the lake inflows for Yellowstone River?
Who is the role model of philanthropist Tarkan?
What is the university attended by William Luther piece, who has a subsidiary company called the Natural Hazards Center at the University of Colorado, Boulder?
Who is premier of national Denis Leary?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
Who is the leader of the Mathematical Reviews published by?
What is doctoral student for Jonas Salk?
Which holmium isotope that decays to dysprosium-148 has the smallest half-life?
What about Dan Brown is studied at the Phillips Exeter Acacemy?
What daughter of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland was married to William Bentinck, 2nd Duke of Portland?
What is the film genre of the movie 'Big Bad Wolf'?
Give me the name of earthquake with highest magnitude on magnitude scale?
What position does Joseph Chamberlain hold and what position was he elected in?
Who is the corporate officer of ESPN?
What is the jurisdiction of the area of East Nusa Tenggara Province
Which is the ground that Aly Raisman competes in?
What chemical compound that's part carbon has the least global-warming potential?
Which sovereign state is in diplomatic relation of Empire of Japan?
Who was the illustrator for The Little Prince?
Name someone born in Cleveland?
who is won the awards of Virgil Thomson?
What is a mythical serpent that contains the word žaltys is it's name/
Who are the students of Professor Peter Lombard?
What branch of science did Claude Shannon work in?
Who are the owners working for Simon Ambrose?
Charles the Bald replaced Louis the Stammerer in which position?
What what is de facto standard named after by luminiferous aether by and which that starts with e
Who owns the Oracle Corporation and what are subsidiaries?
What is a relation that starts with the letter z.
What are the naval battle which start with the letter u
What is load set of the order?
Who are the voice actors in season 9 of television series American Dad?
Is contact dermatitis a symptom of mercury poisoning?
What is the name of Richard III of Englands' sibling
What is the songwriter of Concerto for Two Violins? They have major works such as Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut and BMW 199.
What teacher has influence of Sufism?
Which is diplomatic relation of citizenship of Bosley Crowther?
Name the website of a business enterprise with the lowest number of registered users.
What profession are the characters of Dumbo involved in?
who is the business for division of Reuters?
What is the sexual orientation and sex or gender of Little Richard?
What business on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange has the largest market cap?
What head of state originates from The Second World War?
Where does Edvard Westermarck work? His sister lives in Copenhagen.
What is the award with the lowest maximum age whose for work is landscape architecture?
Who is the author of The Gift of the Magi, that mentions the cause of death from having liver cirrhosis?
Which award did Ian McKellen receive for his work 'Gods and Monsters'?
What is Mir's type of orbit?
WHICH IS THE MUNICIPALITY OF GERMANY THAT STARTS WITH W
Who is the anthropomorphic character for said to be the same as of Goofy
Who is Quentin Tarantino's partner?
Tell me Seven Wonders of the Ancient World whose name has the word mausoleum in it.
What mineral variety is in the Trigonal Crystal System and starts with the letter s?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which TV show did Amanda Bynes cast in?
Why was Theodore von Kármán received the title of doctor honoris causa?
Who published the journal Osteopontin as a marker for response to pegylated interferon Alpha-2b treatment in Chronic HCV Saudi patients?
What are the literary work which start with the letter t
What is the bay close to Seattle?
What is the denomination of the mechanic patron saint?
what are the personal hygiene item which start with the letter w
What are theprovincial or territorial capital city in Canada which start with the letter yellowknife
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
what is fusional language of typology?
Where was Willem Frederick Herman’s born, Varna is its partner town.
Which is the municipality for twinned administrative body of Great Manchester in Germany?
Where in Africa was the Bantu expansion?
What is the architecture firm who designed the grave site of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta?
What are the association football stadium which start with the letter uhlenkrugstadion
Which Georgia state park commemorated Jefferson Davis?
Who is the actor in Triumph of Will who has blue eyes?
Who is the defendant for Brown v. Board of Education?
Where is the birth county of Dave Scott of Oregon?
What are the national anthem which start with the letter n
which social state has the maximum compulsory education?
What is the doctrine of Thomas Aquinas?
What is the Wikipedia article for the planet of Jupiter?
who is the member of Kenny Dalglish sports team and how many points/goals/set did they score?
Which political party is Nicolas Sarkozy member of?
Who is the editor of Wikipedia?
On which island is the HQ location of the Carlsberg Group?
WHO ACTS AS THE CHAIRPERSON OF PALANG DHARMA PARTY?
where did the yerevan administrative territorial entinty located and end its end time?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the most no-observed-adverse-effect level?
What work of Frances Marion's was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story?
What kind of music is the original channel of Earplay?
Which political party elected Aung San Suu Kyi as secretary general?
Who is the artist of music genre of David Blaine?
What is engine configuration of diesel engine?
What are the languiod class which start with the letter v
What are the lawn game which start with the letter T
Who is the partner city of Cologne whose government is headed by Willy Demeyer?
What is Tokyo's executive and legislative bodies?
What is the history of the continent containing the country of Yemen?
Who is licensed to broadcast to CBS?
WHAT ARE THE AIRCRAFT COMPONENT WHICH START WITH THE LETTER T.
Where did Theoderic the Great die that has the partner town of Dubrovnik?
What are theAmerican football team which start with the letter w
who is the member of Alan Shearer sports team and how many points/goals/set did they score?
who study of sculptor of pressure volume diagram?
Who are the members of BJP?
What are the geological process which start with the letter s
who deity of wedded to of nergal?
What lake is Kenneth Ruffing's work located on?
Which office of Mulifunctionl polymerc micelles offer cancer targeted MRI-ultrasensitive drug delivery systems?
Which is the Hindu deity that is in mount of Nandi and starts with the letter s?
Which is the youth wing of the Communist Party of China?
who institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences for studies of Russian?
What are the logographic writing system which start with the letter s
Larry Flynt is the publisher of which periodical?
Which dependency of Norway with a weather station as a capital has the longest coastline?
What literary genre did Vaino Linna specialize in?
Where are the counties of citizens of Fakir Musafar located?
What can indirectly cause a lock to sound like a shout?
What is the science that studies mountains called?
Name a conflict that starts with the letter w.
Name the Language of origin of The Onion, that has its native to England.
What are the architectural style which start with the letter s
WHICH HAS INFLUENCE OF POTRAIT OF HEY JUDE
Does Elan Musk brother have a daughter name Maye Musk?
What is The Lion King's theme music?
Which F-type main-sequence star that Upsilon Andromedae e orbits has the largest absolute magnitude?
Where is Jean-Jacques Rousseau's tomb?
What is symptom of this taxon is the source of sunflower?
Who is partner town of Marseille, which has cfsi is Category:Films shot in Marrakesh?
Who is the creator of the series \W\ Is for Wasted?
Which is the state owned by the Lake Washington?
What is the parent of the taxon plant in the botanical garden of the Glady's Porter Zoo?
Who is the human for partner of Paul Thomas Anderson
What is the child of the brother or sister of Herod Antipas?
What is Roe v. Wade published in and what jurisdiction applies?
Where is the location of roentgenium whose manager is Gisbert zu Putlitz?
what is the bank holiday of the nation of Santo Kyoden?
What are the city-state which start with the letter vulci
The writing system of Urdu is based on which Arabic script based alphabet?
Phosphoric acid conjugates phosphate ion with wich acid?
Which award did Patrick Modiano receive for his work on Les Boulevards de ceinture?
Name the manned spacecraft in low Earth orbit with the smallest periapsis?
What is the county seat of Sylvester II?
Name the brightest K-type main-sequence star?
What work is Lewis Mumford nominated for is it the National Book Award for Nonfiction?
Provide an airplane class that is used by an international airline that has the word airplane in their name.
WHICH IS THE HUMAN WITH THE MAX POINTS FOR
What is named in language as New Musical Express, whose typology is fusional language?
What is the periodization of Roman Empire with shared border
What is the name of business which operates the Airbus A330?
Who is voiced by in the part of series of Life with Feathers?
Where was Takeshi Kitano born in Tokyo?
What is Sammantha Teuscher's line of work?
Who is the parent of Louis Couperin and his brother?
What are the Greek primordial deity which start with the letter uranus
what is business of euronext in stock exchange and also which starts with letter s
Where did Andy Griffith die and where was he buried?
For what play was Maureen Stapleton nominated for the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
What is the name of the City that Christian Slater was born in New York?
What is the governor of the citizens of Barbara Stanwyck?
What hypothesis starts with the letter s?
What is the most metallic galaxy discovered by James Dunlop?
What codon is used to encode glycine?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
Which is the war for the conflict of Stonewall Jackson?
Tell me state of Malaysia whose name has the word terengganu in it.
What is armament and the sex or gender of Kali?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
What city in Ukraine is the twinned administrative body of Vancouver?
Which antinucleon quantum particle has the highest isospin quantum number?
When was historical period of zenith of Roraima?
What is succeeded by Thirteen Colonies, that has diplomatic relation with Maldives?
What is the vaccine for chickenpox?
Which civil parish with people from Castle Bromwich has the highest average age?
What aircraft do the Kazakh Air and Air Defense Forces utilize?
WHO BUILT THE LIFE STANCE OF SVETI SEMOCHISLENITSI CHURCH?
Are are the list of decagonal numbers?
Who is thecomics character for said to be the same as of Superman
What is the saying for the branch of William IV of the United Kingdom?
Who are the authors of Silent Spring, which has been awarded a place in the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame?
What is the chef-lieu of the district of Gannaram?
Which Seyfert galaxy has the largest apparent magnitude?
Tell me sport in antiquity whose name has the word pankrationin it.
What is the death location of William of Ockham, whose county is Untergiesing-Harlaching?
Which is the record label Chris Brown belongs to?
What award did Todd Ray and Clive Davis receive?
What kind of music is played at the Cain Rose Up venue?
What type of Austrian award has an elm?
How many matches did Carlos Alberto Torres play?
who is film producer for part of series to Make Two Hearts?
What is the name of a human that contains the word vitellius in their name.
Which is the academic subject of the disciples of Dmitry Anuchin?
what is an aircraft functional class that starts with the letter t.
For what did Claude Chabrol receive the Louis Delluc Prize?
Who participated in the Babi Yar conflict in WW2?
What are the federal holidays in the United States which start with the letter thanksgiving
Which is place of marriage and end cause of Lindsey Vonn has spouse as Thomas Vonn?
What is Rush Limbaugh's Abyssinian pet
What is the item operator F / A Hornet of greeks culture?
What landlocked country replaced Czechoslovakia
Who is the Secretary-General of the United Nations?
When was Apocalypse Now received the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
What are thewater deity which start with the letter'y
What associated football team does Lionel Messi play for?
Where did Margaret Thatcher die?
Which sculptor, located in East Longmeadow, created the sculpture known as Battleship?
Give me the name of determination method for stroke has genetic association as ALDH2?
who affiliated with of member of Yale University?
Why are books writen about Salvador Dali
Who gave theproducer of of theatrical troupe of Dragons: Fire and Ice?
What basin counties border Loch Lomond?
what are the war deity which start with the letter z
TELL ME THE THERMODYNAMIC PROCESS WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD PROCESS IN THER NAME
Mention the person unlike of Ian Thorpe
who are the diplomats of the russian empire?
Who is the organizer of the Grand Tour for Amaury Sport Organisation that has the word de in their name?
Who are the authors of The Colorado Kid?
Which is the sovereign state for the country that started The Star-Spangled Banner?
Name the person who is responsible for the editor-ship of The Guardian
What is cast member of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei that is character role is Jenny Dorn?
For what film did Harvey Weinstein receive an Academy Award for Best Picture?
Tell me website whose name has the word willy in it.
In which sister city was Emo Philips born at?
What is the birth city of Charles IV which is in the state Čimice?
Who belongs to the label of Ice Cube?
What is the highest paying job that requires a certificate op aptiude for secondary school teaching
What condition does cocaine treat and what significant drug interactions does it have?
Nicolas Sarkozy was involved in which politic-finance scandal?
Who is Kishore Kumar's sibling?
What is the voting round with the least number of blank votes that is part in the Governor election in 2014 in Acre?
Tell me government structure whose name has the word technocracy in it.
What lived in Florence Nightingale, Florence Nightingale diplomatic relation in Bangladesh
Which city is the capital of the Austrian Empire?
What what is divide and conquer algorithm discoverer or inventor Tony Hoare  and also which starts with letter q
What award did Stephen King win for Danse Macabre?
Which is the airline that operates Airbus A320?
What place, starting with the letter s, has town rights and privileges as well as listed monuments and objects in Salzburg?
Where in the Soviet Union did Mikhail Romm die?
What is the relative level of taxon of Indian rhinoceros?
When did James Dean win the Henrietta Award?
Which painting is the widest?
Which is the allegiance of Knights Templar?
What is the twin city of the birth city of Francisco Javier Rodríguez Hernández?
Who is nominated for RoboCop that of nominee is Aaron Rochin?
Which is the piano cycle with the lowest number of parts of a work of art, whose parts of the class is variation?
Which endemism of emu has diplomatic relations with Peru?
What is the basin country of Sikkim?
What song by Johnny Hallyday has sold the most?
Who is the painters for the series By Royal Command?
Who is member of discoverer to berkelium?
What connects to the cochlea?
which is the medical speciality of murder methods of ulrike meinhof
What sports team is Gheorghe Hagi a member of and how many matches did he play?
Who is the son of the duke of North East Somerset?
What interger sequence has the lowest limit and is a natural number?
The history of Azerbaijan, which contains the Masally District, falls under which topic?
What record did Tye Harvey win in which sport?
What work did Dante Alighieri write or translate?
Who is the subsidiary for Air France?
Where was Wladyslaw Reymount given birth to in Kobiele Wielkie?
Who was the inspiration behind the characters in The Great Gatsby?
What type of money do they use in Hong Kong?
Which is the territory that overlaps Great Britain?
Who directed the series Win Some, Lose Some?
What was the Graduate Dustin Hoffman nominated for?
Name the aerospace manufacturer located in Otrokovice that has the least total revenue?
Tell me a legal case that begins with the letter u and applies jurisdiction to the United States.
What character did Maureen McCormick play in The Brady Bunch?
What is a sports team whose name starts with the letter w.
Which is the direction relative to location of back?
Tell me economics crisis whose name has the word period in it.
What are the parabolic differential equation which start with the letter equation
Balto is animal breed.
Which is the city designated by government ordinance which contains the word ōsaka in it's name?
Who is the mentor of Strabo, who has the profession as a philosopher?
Which is the natural satellite for the child astronomical body of Uranus?
What are the royal or noble rank which start with the letter v
What is the chairperson of University of Notre Dame?
tell me the highly urbanized city with the lowest mains voltage whose country is philippines?
What was Leopold von Ranke's major at Leipzig University?
What was the name of Thomas Jefferson's plantation?
What location is adjacent to the city of Mandaue, that contains the state of Zapatera?
What is the statement is subject of Eurasian Magpie that uses self-awareness?
What structure is near the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
Tell me me a economic union whose name consist of the word european and whose executive body european commission
What is the domain of a galaxy group or cluster which is under the chronology of topic in the history of astronomy?
Which is the patent medicine that was invented by John Pemberton and contains the word coca in it's name?
Which is the jurisdiction of the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel?
For what film did Saul Bass receive an Academy Award for Best Documentary?
What is AVP encoded by?
How many episodes are in the television series Friends?
what is the language official of Kingdom Of Mercia that has cause is .?
Who is the father of Tenzin Gyatso?
Where was Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf born in the empire Umayyad Caliphate?
Where did the American Revolutionary War occur?
Which is the short film that was directed by Baz Luhrmann?
How was Ross Macdonald murdered and how was CLU related to it?
Who gave theafflicts of implies of acetic acid?
What month is the event Sukkot played?
Who was the executive produce of The X-Files?
What capital town of the Kingdom of Wessez experienced the notable event of the July 7, 2005 London bombings?
Name the ancient civilization that gave us the public holiday Saturnalia that starts a A
Which is the sovereign state of the capital of Bucharest?
Which is the extensive physical quantity that's measured by a joule?
Who was Sarah Michelle Gellar's spouse and child?
Which is the SI derived unit for the measured physical quantity of the thermal conductivity?
How many goals were scored by the member of a sports team of David Icke?
Who is the actor who split from Oval Dreams?
Under the subtopic of the history of Maryland, we see that what city previously had a sister city named Kanagawa Prefecture?
Tell me former building or structure whose name has the word tower in it.
which is the song lyric created by Irving berlin?
Which film does David Spade voice act in?
what is the transformation starts with t
Which subject has role which said to be the same as of Sucrose?
What are the ice honey team which start with the letter s
What award did Evanescence receive that was subsequently won by Maroon 5?
Which aircraft has the largest wingspan that can be used in a gliding competition?
who is the occupant of Eiffel tower?
What are the Hindu temple which start with the letter t
Which is the fastest lap of Alberto Ascari?
What is the manner of death of the characters of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
What position does Chanda Kochhar hold in the ICICI Bank?
When was Gordon Brown elected, and what position did he hold?
Which is the family name of mayonnaise?
What the name of the child of Menelik II and Abetchew Bayan?
Where is the headquarters of UNESCO?
Name a cola brand that starts with letter P
What significant incident led to applying to jurisdiction of Russian Orthodox Church?
What is the name of the person who invented the saxophone?
What would be the Wikimedia category for films shot in the location of Bucharest?
Who directed the sequel to YOLO?
What is is in the principal area of of Flevoland, whose member of is Australia Group?
What countries are a part of the German Democratic Republic?
Who has played Please Don't Make My Cry?
Who makes use of the inventor of World on a Wire?
Give me the reason for which Walt Disney has nominated for Academy award as best live action short film?
Do you know, what is the drawing with the tallest height?
what are the mythical place which start with the letter y
Name a moon of Neptune
What Looney Toons publishing house won the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture?
What causes Staphylococcus aureus?
What award did Ennio Morricone receive for The Hateful Eight?
What is Robert frost a winner of?
Which contains administrative territorial entity and the located in the administrative territorial entity of Tamil_Nadu?
What mausoleum commemorates Vladimir Lenin?
What is the military branch or location of Yuri Gagarin?
Who is the leader member of Gil Colunje?
What are the non metropolitan country which start with the letter w
Why did Gregory Bateson lose his U.k. citizenship?
Which English unit of measurement has the highest conversion to an SI unit?
Which literary work follows Exodus?
Who produced the prequel for Tales of Mystery and Imagination?
Tell me the boy band that contains the wotd westlife in their name
Name a member of the band ABBA
Which is the name of Francis given to him?
What is the featured work or depiction of The Sacrifice of Isaac?
Where in Europe did Thomas Nashe die?
Where was yttrium discovered that has an executive branch in the Finnish Government?
What was the name after Sibelius Monument where music were studies?
Which award is received by Chris Thile for his work in Bass & Mandolin?
When did position held of Arthur Balfour and elected in?
Who is the name of the fictional human created by Jerry Seinfield?
Tell me the new religious movement that is standards body of Religious Technology Center and starts with the letter s?
At which school did Eugène Ionesco act as a role model?
What city does Abdul Patah Unang reside in?
What child body, located on the astronomical body of the Great Red Spot, is S/2017 J 8?
Who is the director of Chespirito?
Who is wedded to chairperson of 38th César Awards?
What are the animated series which start with the letter trotro
What ecozone does Melanesia belong to
(RS)-methadone physically interacts with which protein?
What did Franz Schubert die from where the symptom was a continuous fever?
Name a noble family who posessed the power in the form of an absolute monarchy that contains the word dynasty  in its name
What is the architecture firm and resting place of Matilda of Tuscany?
Who were the authors of The Late Great Planet Earth?
Jan Evangelista Purkyně served as a translator in what field of work?
Who was nominated for the award for the role of Javier Bardem?
What satellite orbits the Great Attractor?
What is the new position for Yahya Khan who once held the position of Minister of Foreign affairs?
Name a videogame developped by CPU that contains the word pong in its name
Which tributary is on Hawaiian Islands?
WHERE IS THE PUBLIC OFFICE OF THE PORTRAIT IF THE LAST SUPPER?
What is had underlying cause of main events of deadliest aviation incident in Argentina?
Who is the follows for Lothair I which has noble title as monarch of Italy?
What is the time zone in Tasmania in daylight saving time?
Which business has the greatest tier 1 capital ratio?
What is the taxon rank of Phocidae?
Tell me me a cation whose name consist of the word woman and whose antiparticle antiproton proton
What is the biological process responsible for the development of the anatomical structure of the respiratory system?
Which is the parent taxon of Anura?
What are the languages of expression of Pedro II of Brazil that has a regulatory body of the Council for German Orthography?
What musical artist is the predecessor of Gainsbourg Confidentiel?
What is the headwater on the river of Kodiak Island?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation of the Prince?
Tell me association football club whose name has the word wrexham in it.
Which organization act as subsidiary to OECD?
What are the categorizations of monarchy?
What jurisdiction does Zakarpattia Oblast fall under?
Who was the partner of Apollo?
What physically interacts with hydrogen chloride whose subcellular localization is the integral component of membrane?
What award did Alejandro González Iñárritu receive for Birdman?
What are the diplomatic rank which start with the letter P
What follows and is partially coincident with Machine learning?
Which is the category's main topic for Shinkansen?
Which historical country that is the Head of government František Udržal and which that starts with the letter c
What medical conditions does amitriptyline treat?
Who was the first doctoral adviser of Jacob Bernoulli that played a role?
What is the abugida in the context of the writing system in Kannada?
WHich taxon produces palm oil?
Who is film producer of narrative of Henderson?
What is the typology of the language spoken by Graham Greene?
Who wrote the songs on ABBA: The Album?
What eye and hair color does Ivanka Trump have?
What is the subsidiary company workplace of koo nimo?
What is the foods traditionally associated and the commemorates of Hanukkah?
who biblical canon for edition or translation of Septuagint?
what are the province of pakistan that starts with s
tell me the hindu denomination name has the word shaivism in it
Beginning at Baikonur Cosmodrome, what is the Soyuz-TMA with the maximum apoapsis?
What is Wikimedia outline of American Samoa?
What type of voice does L'Orfeo use for nymph characters?
Which is a solid solution series with siderite?
Which is in conflict of Hermann Balck, where has venue is Europe?
Which is the authority for the congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Where was Reebok established?
Which is feast day of subtopic of Chronology of Jesus?
which historical period contains the word in their name
The Passion of Joan of Arc script was originally written in what language?
What is informed of A New World Record played by?
From what country is F. Scott Fitzgerald, who was born in St. Paul?
Who gave thefavorite player of doctoral supervisor of Elsa Boyer?
Who is the artist for the song Welcome to the Black Parade?
At what position did Olusegun Obasanjo replace Joaquim Chissano?
Who was born at with Alexander Karelin which has twin town in Minneapolis?
Is schizophrenia commd10 genetically?
Give me a country name which has economic crisis at present, that starts with an alphabet 'p'.
Which is recorded at the Cologne Cathedral?
Which is the animated film that is voiced by Tom Hanks?
Who is Paul Anderson's spouse?
Which is the medical therapy of the cause of death of François-Nicolas Delaistre?
Tell me economic union whose name has the word union in it.
Tell me intelligence agency whose name has the word stations in it.
What is the label of Emile Berliner's founder, Eddie Fisher?
What were people born in the Ottoman Empire called?
What was John Philip Sousa's military rank in the US Navy?
Name a song composed by Billie Holliday
Who is the champion of the nomination received by Jennifer Connelly?
what is agglutinative language of la espero of anthem and also which starts with letter e
Which is the narrative location for Babylon?
When did noble title of Saladin and followed by?
Parliamentary group of Christian Democratic Union?
Who are the shareholders of Skive Station?
Who gave the member of political party of John F. Starr?
Which field of study involves the history of mathematics?
What city borders Tyre?
What are the Twelve Olympians which start with the letter d
The Star-Spangled Banner originated in which constitutional republic country?
WHICH IS THE FORM OF GOVERNMENT THAT STARTS WITH U
Explain tense in the Italian language.
Which is computing platform of part series of World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria?
What is the nominee for Diane Keaton whose winner is James Brolin?
What is the Kurdish nation?
Tell me which is the unit of length which contains the word zeptometre in it's name?
What was the awards of Al Green for his top dog Jule Styne?
What church is located in Manhattan?
How long is the movie Kent Paul?
What is the Class IIIA combustible liquid with the lowest density whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
What instrument played is a poached egg with the prequel of Simmering?
Who is the government that heads the workplace of Carl Theodor Dreyer?
What commodityis managed by Frontier Mine?
What CBS show won a Peabody Award?
Name the tributary of Bay Bengal for which the river source is Chembarambakkam Lake.
Which scientist has work that is named for an Einstein solid?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which is the contributing factor of curtain, whose orbited by is (376574) Michalkusiak?
who film production company for business division of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts?
Which is the city for the twinned administrative body of Nagasaki?
What is next to the capital town of Pandyan Dynasty?
Who is the director of Silence?
J.R.R Tolkien illustrated what book?
What is the name of language of Pāli Canon that is different from Pali language?
Which actor starred in the movie Good Will Hunting?
Who is the painter of the work described by Markko Rivera?
Which is the religion practiced by Jewish people?
TELL ME THE UNDERLYING CAUSE OF EROSION IN ACADEMIC SUBJECT?
Name the taxon with the lowest generation time whose instance of taxon?
Trygve Lie was born in Grorud in what country?
What is the name of the place where Isambard Kingdom Brunel died which has a partner town called Tehran
Which is the kingdom of the capital of Bucharest?
What is the reason for Charles A Beard is in the position as Chairperson?
Name a colossal statue depicting Zeus that contain the word  olympia in its name
Who are the writers of The Second Coming, whose deathplace is Menton?
Who is the chancellor that lives in Max Born?
What is religious order for Roger Bacon?
What actress was nominated for best actress for her role in the movie One Flew Over the cuckoo`s Nest?
What is the unit of energy that starts with the letter z
Which extrasolar planet has the largest semi-major axis?
explain me that the class II combustible liquid which starts eith the letter t in this
What members are a part of the Organization of American States?
What does the Poincare conjecture prove?
What literary movement partially coincides with futurist architecture and includes the word futurism in its name?
What sport doe Abebe Bikila hold the olympic record for?
Which famous work of Lysippos that has a kind of music intitled nude?
The twinned administrative body of Greater Manchester is located in which independent community?
What is the birth city of Lev Yashin, which has municipalities in Ostankinsky District?
Which is the feast day for Joan of Arc?
For what role was Timothy Hutton nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Who's the president of sovereign state of Beishi River?
What is the armament of the A-10 Thunderbolt II?
Tell me Indigenous peoples of the United States whose name has the word yatasi in it.
How was Ryan White murdered which can also be used to treat delavirdine?
Who is the creator of the movie Jackie Chan?
who pupils of disciple of yuquan shenxiu?
Of all the unitary states which are members of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, which has the highest GDP per capita in nominal terms?
What are the road type which start with the letter w
What was Dustin Hoffman nominated for at the 52nd Academy Awards ceremony?
What are the accepted payment types of Rijksmuseum
Which birth city originating from Trina Gulliver, has a partner city named Heemstede?
When during the history of Turkey did the country have diplomatic relations with Argentina?
Where is the residence and the occupation of Adrien_Brody?
What is the work location of Bilbao?
What are the railway company which start with the letter viaquatro
What is the order of of the highest taxon of Liliacaea?
What is the neighboring town where Johann-Albrecht von Blücher died?
Who are the fictional characters in Nineteen Eight-Four?
What aircraft model has the highest vehicle range?
What is learning the higher taxon of ornithology?
Who was Pericles' child?
Name a language family that contains the word languages in its name
Name the French locomotive class with the lowest boiler pressure.
What is the subcellular localization of the codes for Rilpl1?
Who was the Liberal and Country League candidate against Thomas Playford?
How does Julius Caesar wear his hair
When did spouse of Simon Rattle and start time?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter óčko
What kind of quantum particle is the proton antiparticle?
What is cohabitant for parent of Adèle Hugo?
Which prototype has the most stroke?
TELL ME WIKIMEDIA LIST ARTICLE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N
Name the territoy whose main regulatory text are the Belavezha Accords that starts with letter D
what happens in dota 2 universe
Which is the colonel-in-chief of Anne, Princess Royal?
Which programming language did Grace Hopper create?
What is the ESRB rating of Sonic the Hedgehog?
tell me private not-for-profit educational institution that subsidiary Center for Study of Law and Culture, Columbia University starts with letter c
What Mario franchise characters are in the most recent Super Smash Brothers?
What is the name of the turbid oxide with the greatest thermal conductivity?
Who is director of photography for Aki Kaurismäki?
What is the carries of this vehicle?
What tournament had the most tied games since the 1983 Lions tour to New Zealand?
When did member of sports team of Javier Zanetti and number of matches played?
What is the significance of the Ferdinand Konrad Bellermann painting?
Name the binary star with the least parallax whose child astronomical body is Tellar Prime.
Tell me physical theory whose name has the word theory in it.
Name a conglomerate located at the Tokyo Stock Exchange that starts with letter H
What is the found guilty of artist seen it all?
Which dead Saint had to do with whales?
which public holiday that starts with s
Whcih is Roman nomen gentilicium for Tacitus?
What is the human spaceflight mission that Neil Armstrong was part of?
What are the country and day of the year of Holi?
Which are the conflicts of the American Indian Wars?
What is it?
Which are the symptoms as the symptoms of the bipolar disorder?
Tell me about the phenomenon of spacetime in physics.
Who is the person that was a participant of Diplo?
What are the diplomatic relations of Sweden?
What are the dialect which start with the letter W
What what is excipient has effect by celluslose exposure and which it starts with letter c
WHICH IS THE TEMPLE THAT WORLD HERITAGE CRITERIA I AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD TEMPLE IN THER NAME
Who is the president of Valencia?
Futurism occur concurrently with what literary movement?
What is the sacred language that became Hebrew?
Tell me London borough whose name has the word london in it.
Who was Socrates' father?
What education is achieved by Guion Bluford with an academic major of aerospace engineering?
Who went by the name of Ann and was the consort of David Lean?
For what work did Carol Reed receive an Academy Award for Best Director?
Does Antonio Luna go by the first name Antony?
What does the settlement of Cancun contain?
What company manufactures Barbie?
Tell me building material whose name has the word zuschlagsoff in it.
What is the main business of Paris?
What are the operating system which start with the letter w
What is the name of the battle that the alumna of Ferdinand Foch served in?
What is route administration has outcome of sodium hydroxide?
who is the sexuality of musician Jump?
Who is Advisor Dale W. Jorgenson's doctoral student?
In what city is Australian currency manufactured?
Who is perpetrator of Great Northern War who is next to Holy Roman Empire?
Which infectious disease has the highest prevalence?
Which planets were portrayed in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Explain the forsterite of the crystal system.
What gene is associated with type I hypersensitivity?
Who is the TV presenter from the extended version of Lykkehjulet?
What was the position held by Charles I of England and when did his term end?
What town near Ziquinchor has a county seat in Canton of Sant-Maur-des-Fosses-2?
What is the nationality of the diplomatic relation of Alan Sugar?
Tell me structural class of chemical compounds whose name has the word urate in it.
Who are the characters in Hamlet?
Name a file system that contain the word zfs  in its name
What castle is located in Odessa?
What award was received by the speaker Carl Jacob Burckhardt?
What are the soil type which start with the letter v
Which is the birth city of Jo Van Fleet, that contains Solano County?
What is next to the Golcona Sultanate that is in Ahmadnagar?
What is the criteria used to determine different types of bacteria?
Tell me the essential medicine for the pregnancy category of the Australian pregnancy category D that contains the word warfarin in it's name?
what is the class II combustible liquid with the lower flammable limit whose instance of is occupational caricinogen?
Name a movie with Omar Sharif
Which is separated from Saskatchewan?
Which is the decay mode that has effect on gamma ray and starts with the letter b?
Who was Medusa's father and child?
Name the isotope of ruthenium least abundant in nature?
Which is the library that commemorates Jefferson Davis?
Who is Peter's mother-in-law?
For what position did Olivia de Havilland replace Fritz Lang?
Wanna know what winners of award won beyoncé are?
What are the lunisolar calendar which start with the letter c
What was the Statue of Liberty inspiration and who own's it?
What is in the legislative body of United States Congress?
What prescribed drug is the cause of death of Robert Menzies?
What is the Atlantic Hurricane which caused the least damage cost wise?
What is the church for St. Ignatius of Loyola?
What is the regression analysis used by logistic regression analysis that starts with the letter I?
Which Wikimedia article lists X-Files characters?
What were the circumstances of death of the murderer of Minotaur?
Which Soyuz 7K-OK unmanned spaceship has the highest orbit?
Which is the play in competition of Yamil Peralta?
Who is champion of nominee for Graduation?
What is the Biblical Magi depicted by and what is its canonization status?
What is the type of government of Saint Christopher in the Historical Period?
Who is in the region of Princeton is employed by Daniel Mendelsohn?
Who is partner city of location born of Nicole Couderc?
wich meansassembly in thelocation of deathatMel Blanc?
which class IA flammable liquid with the lowest ceiling exposure whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
Tell me taxon whose name has the word trigonotarbida in it.
What is the URL language in Naturwissenschaften with typology in a stress-timed language?
What are comic book series which start with the letter y
What was the influence for the Dutch Golden Age painting that has also represented work of The Seven Works of mercy?
From what position was Klement Gottwald replaced by Edvard Beneš?
Name a movie written by Akira Kurosawa
What is the Greek mythology of Odysseus's murder?
Which is the titled poem by Langston Hughes?
Where is the deathplace of Dmitri Shostakovich? It has several wards including the Perovo District.
What is a afflicts of red blood cell?
Which homo sapien is a lectotype?
What is the afflicts which leads to the cyanogen?
Which is the crystal habit of octahedron?
What administrative unit of Visayas has a king named José P. Laurel?
who office held of developer of apollo and daphne?
Which is the fictional person that is said to be the same as Superman?
What sister city to Santo Domingo is considered the birth place of Whitey Bulger?
Tell me the channel that first aired part of the series An Adventure in Make Believe.
What are the avion models that start with letter B
What is the discography and the record label of Def_Leppard?
Pluto has how many natural satellites?
What is indigenous to Ancient Greek?
Which is the enterprise that is followed by the Oracle Corporation?
Which is role model of Salman Rushdie, that has location of death is Houston?
In London, what is the land area?
What is the sovereign state of Lisbon
Where was the place of interment of life partner of Abdul Hamid II?
Who gave the 1st place medalist of awards of Amotz Zahavi?
Where did Luis Fonsi and he spouse Catalina Cabello get married?
What are the isolated human group which start with the letter w
Which is the language regulatory body for Portuguese?
What is the partner spouse of Brigitte_Bardot?
What city was Mr. Munhoz born in?
Which is the foundational text of Montana?
What is the genetic association of impotence that is determined by TAS?
Who is the head of government for the constitutional republic of Moon Jae-in?
who are aircraft in fleet of managed by of Su-24?
What is the capital city of the Kingdom of Navarre?
Who was the horse of Napoleon?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
What is A Clockwork Orange's after a work by?
what is seven wonders of the ancient world starts with m
What is it?
What is the coached by of the teams played for of Allen Tankard?
What type of quantum particle has the superpartner of neutrino
Who is the father of David Foster?
Tell me the classification scheme that starts with t.
What region is the branch of Harran University in?
Hayao Miyazaki is the producer of what film?
Name a movie featuring Alain Delon
Who is the illustrator for A Journey to the Center of the Earth?
What are the cause of death which medical examinations are computed tomography and which contains the word pneumonia in their name
What religion is practiced by the United Methodist Church?
What are the phenomenon which start with the letter s
What is the award that Robert De Niro won for Raging Bull?
What branch of philosophy starts with the letter p?
What award did Dalton Trevisan win?
tell me beer style name has the word triple in it
What is the sister of the has mother of Mary of Chatillon?
Who are the director of photography and the director of Forrest Gump?
Tell me music genre whose name has the word swing in it.
Who is named after the Dahlia and also has the last name of Dahl?
Tell me stylistic device whose name has the word iham in it.
Which is the antonym of the landscape of the After the Bath?
Who played Red Skull in Captain America?
Which award is received by Joan Fontaine for his work of Suspicion?
What is the timezone of the continent of decolonized Oceania?
What does Doxycycline medically treat and what is its pregnancy category?
Who is the successor of European Atomic Energy Community that has Dutch guilder as the base currency?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter E
What is successful candidate of Ernesto Zedillo?
What is the academic discipline of lambda calculus?
Give the name of the four electric cars with the longest battery life and capacity.
What prize does the champion of George Shuckburgh-Evelyn receive?
Who is the child of Peter Gelb?
what is the host for populus?
Where is the Boa constrictor found?`
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala was awarded what prize?
Which club played for Waisale Serevi and has Richard Cockerill as the coach?
Which United States Astronaut Hall of Fame inductee spent the most time in space?
What gender is Chelsea Handler and to what is her ethnicity?
What is Oracle Corporation's public company of its parent organization
Tell me the activity that fabrication method is planning and which that starts with the letter m
Tell me a children's game that starts with the letter z.
What are the point group and the space group of Quartz?
What what is economic sector patron saint Isidore the Laborer and which that starts with a
which video game genre that contains the word video in their name
what award did Alfred Lunt receive which made him the subject of the 9th tony awards?
which replaces for thomas sankara has position held as prime minister of burkina faso?
What piece of work earned Matt Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What is the original language of the script for Universal Soldier III: Unfinished Business?
What was the location of the 1956 Grand Canyon mid-air collision?
Give the lowest volume merchant vessel that was shipwrecked.
Where in France is the headquarters of Pierre and Marie Curie University?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
Which ethnicity is Mrs Dorothy Dandridge?
What was film crew member Hal Ambro's roll for Mary Poppins?
What is the name of the war in which the conflict of Idi Amin took place?
What was the controversy between Alerding v. Ohio High School Athletic Association?
Who is the fictional person whose name contains the word tarzan?
What operates out of RAF Lossiemouth?
What was Steve McQueen nominated for as Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who is the musician of Darth Vader?
What are the fundamental state of matter which start with the letter s
what were the sports nationality of teams pplayed for ali daei?
Which is the minor planet group for asteroid belt?
What is practiced by the uses of Rugby_union?
Which is the diaspora culture of The Three Stooges?
Which Yemen village has the largest number of females?
What is the religious order of the 14th Dalai Lama religion?
What cast member plays Michelle Dessler in 24?
What's the border of Japan, whose language official is Buryat?
What is the outcome of family planning?
What are the cola which start with the letter pepsi
Who got the Asian Film Awards of Takeshi Kitano?
Who is the partner of Peter Allen that has a career as a stage actor?
Who is Kelsey Grammer's spouse and where did they get married?
What is the Hubble Space type of orbit and source of energy?
which superhero that hair color black hair and which contains the word woman in their name
Mention the Vidhan Sabha body of Karnataka.
Which muscle becomes dislocated because of a congenital diaphragmatic hernia?
What denomination of culture was Claude McKay famous for?
What costume designer introduced the Owl and the Pussycat?
What is the antonym of morning called, for which the predecessor is afternoon?
Which is the operating system of NEC?
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
Who replaced Najib Razak as Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia?
What is the name of the binary star in the constellation of Canis Major which has the word sirius in their name?
What color are Ava Gardner's eyes and hair?
On which website we can find location information for HongKong headquarters?
Which is the list related to category of the Sumerian King List?
What is Enrico Caruso's middle name, named after a major event that led to frequency of first names in the Netherlands in 2010?
What was Lana Turner nominated for her work Peyton Place?
What river flows into the reservoir of the Sulak River?
What does St. John's University represent?
What is the border of the death place of Domino Harvey?
Where did Nadia Boulanger graduate university from?
What is a superpower that starts with the letter w.
Where is the headquarters of the school attended by Emir Kusturica?
Grigori Perelman solved what conjecture?
Which is the unicameral legislature of legislative body of Hong Kong?
Saint Denis' canonization status is?
Which is the game mode for infinity?
Which is the historical country that replaces the Kingdom of Great Britain?
What was the profession of the discoverer of the Analytical Engine?
What is the built language for Esperanto signed?
Why did Robert Peel's position end and what was it?
Tell me a declaration of independence that is signed by Thomas Jefferson with the word declaration in its name.
What case is the sign language of Gabriel Fauré?
Who honours Barbara McClintock, whose top dog is Renato Dulbecco?
At what position was Liu Shaoqi replaced by Li Xiannian?
What is the name of the tied-arch bridge maintained by Amtrak?
Who or what is the owner of Deutsche Bank?
What is the Christian name name of the Charles III of Spain's daughter?
Who gave the co-founded by of is owned by of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay?
What type of kinship Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor to Isabella Clara Eugenia?
Name the Class IIIB combustible liquid that is an occupational carcinogen with the lowest melting point.
Name an anime series broadcasted on TX Network and that contains the word gp in its name
Who is nominated for of Javier Bardem where for work is No Country for Old Men?
What is the tributary of the harbour of Kahoolawe?
What has Phèdre inspired?
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of manga?
What is solved by divergence theorem whose the teacher is Dmitry Ivanovich Zhurasky?
What medals did the inventor of the typewriter receive?
What is the name of Emmanuel Macron's dog?
What is the academic degree Billy Crystal has educated at Tisch School of the Arts?
What physically interacts with adenosine triphosphate, which has subcellular localization in the plasma membrane?
Which country is located in time zone of Espoo that is valid in period of daylight saving time?
What parts of Goyang have wards in Gimpo?
What are the triple star system which start with the letter p
what are the civil liberties which start with the letter w
In which area is the public holiday of Chinese New Year sought after?
Is one of Selim I's sons of the female biological sex?
which salad location of discovery Tijuana starts with c
Tell me which borough of New York city starts with the letter q.
Which is taxonomic rank of taxon parent of Acanthuridae?
Tell me the medal received by Linus Pauling.
Who is the sibling of Paul Wittgenstein?
Which is the part of constellation of the star of NGC 1851?
What is the job of Stephane Mallarme, whose field of employment is translation?
What is the secular state with the MA compulsory education (minimum age) whose diplomatic relation is Australia?
In Italy, which earthquake measured least on the moment magnitude scale?
Which is twin town of birth location of Paul Gottlieb Werlhof?
Which is the political ideology for literature?
Which bio-safety level one strain has the lowest optimum viable temperature?
Name a English spoken channel that starts with letter R
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
who is treated by death cause of Jules Ferry?
Who replaced Lavretiy Beria as the First Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union?
What are the card game which start with the letter z
What is the drug used to treat anthrax?
What is the taxonomic rank of the taxon parent of Homo floresiensis?
Who is the arena for home venue of Toronto Maple Leafs
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
What is the activating neurotransmitter of the y-aminobutyric acid?
Which is the document that contains the word öltagebuch in it's name?
Who was Rembrandt's teacher?
What are the military campaign which start with the letter o
What is the historic era of Galen, that was succeeded by Byzantine Empire?
Who is the video game developer for developer of Final Fantasy
Give me the platform for Windows XP x86-64?
what award did Timbaland receive?
Who is the patron saint in the region of the Battle of Turin?
Name a region in China whose highest point is K2 that starts with letter X
What position did George V hold that replaced Edward VII?
Is the first name Petru the same as the first name in Pierre Fauchard?
What role did Cindy Sherman play in Royal Academy of Arts?
What is the genre of Honeysuckle Rose, and who is the lead actress?
Who is Russell's teapot named after, that is an essayist?
What is the place of interment, with twin cities of Tel Aviv, of Mae West?
Which parent organisation is formed by Reginald Brabazon, 13th Earl of Meath?
Which hermitage has the largest number of households?
Which is the taxon for the taxon rank of species?
To what dynasty did Antoninus Pius belong?
What differs from extrusion if an instrument that's played has tension?
What country celebrates the holiday Nowruz?
WHICH IS THE READIO INTERFEROMETER WITH THE MOST WAVELENTGTH OF SENSITIVITY
Which genre does the music produced by the Nocturnes fall under?
What was the administrative territorial entity of John Young who was born in San Francisco?
What is the prize awarded for the development of C?
What is the category for employees of the organization of alumnus of Kurt Waldheim?
Which motorcycle model has the largest wheel base?
What are the taxon rank and the temporal range end of Tyrannosaurus?
What was the unnatural cause of death of Koko?
Which standards organization oversees the development of Structured Query Language?
What is the alphabet that starts with 't'?
Which is the city of Indonesia that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dutch East Indies?
What award did Louis-Ferdinand Céline receive for his work Journey to the End of the Night?
Who edited the movie 'Jaws' and is buried in Encino?
tell me age whose name has the word generation in it
Mention the name of the F=Gemini spacecraft sent for astronautic mission's with Neil Armstrong
Wiesbaden's highest point is what?
who is author of Eugénie Grandet
Where is Rome?
What position Howard Schultz held on Starbucks?
Who had the role of Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider?
Which edition of War and Peace is in French?
What are the languages spoken by Dietrich Buxtehude, which have the cases of or are in the vocative case (VC)?
Tell me the occurrence that contains the word world in their name
What is the wiki article for a list of fairy tales?
Which ideology of party membership is Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner?
Tell me mythology whose name has the word religion in it.
Whose child is the son of Frederick William, the Elector of Brandenburg?
Which is county seat from Honda?
Winston Churchill was elected to what position and when?
Tell me me a space agency whose name consist of the word administration and whose website account on Foursquare Labs, Inc.
When and what position did Gregory VII hold?
The parent organisation of World Health Organization is?
Which man has the most national team caps?
Was J. G. Ballard born in the People's Republic of China?
what is in the contributed to published work of wilkie collins?
What is in the category of Plessy v. Ferguson?
In which currency does the republic of Venice trade require to get currency?
Which is the record held of 100 metres/
TELL ME THE CRISIS THAT CONTAINS THE WORD UNITED IN THEIR NAME
Andrei Tarkovsky won the Golden Lion award for what work?
Tell me scientific model whose name has the word world in it-
What is the maximum salinity of Crater lake?
What's the tributary of the lake of Ciudad del Este?
Who are the friends of a key event in Hamburg?
For what project did Sven Nykvist receive an aware for Best Cinematography?
Which is the twinned administrative body and the contains administrative territorial entity of Lisbon?
Tell me the space station with start point in Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200 and that contains the word salyut in it's name?
Where is the seat of Association des États Généraux des Étudiants de l'Europe whose enclavation is Flemish Brabant?
Who replaced Mohammed Omar as the Emir of Afghanistan?
What is the role and the color of Asbestos?
What is the relationship of Frederick II of Prussia to Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth?
Which is the type of number that is a disjoint union of the list values as qualifiers and contains the word number in it's name?
What is the city neighboring Giovanni Battista Guadagnini's deathplace.
What is type of religion is satanism?
Who is the top dog of the nominee for Willie Nelson?
What are the computational problem which start with the letter s
What is the record label that 50 Cent is signed with?
Who did Hugh Laurie play the character of in the show House?
What document presides over the National Aeronautics and Space Administration?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Ibibio people and India?
Who painted the Batman:The Black Mirror movie's characters?
What is the record label and the discography of Nickelback?
What is the planet Neptune's natural satellite?
What is nominated for Die Hard that is nominee is Frank J. Urioste?
Iloilo City, Philippines has what income classification?
Mention the unit to measure the physical quantity named as frequency
Who is the father and mother of Janet Jackson?
Thessaloniki is next to which Roman city?
Is Torreon in the Mountain Time Zone?
Name the office building with the lowest floors below ground who just started construction.
Which is the capital of the twinned administrative body of Sofia?
What is in the local government area of the University of Alabama that has administrative divisions in Autauga County?
Who has father of sister or brother of eighth daughter of Nurhaci?
What is a contributing factor to the Wars of Diadochi?
Which lawyer wrote De Officiis?
In what venue did Divorcing the Late Upper Palaeolithic demographic histories of mtDNA haplogroups M1 and U6 in Africa get a bibliographic citation?
Tell me the subsidiaries of CBS.
/Who heads the Empire of Japan's diplomatic relationships?
WHAT ARE THE MAGAZINE GENRE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Z
What has attribute of key?
Where were the male children of Amarindra born?
Who gave the academic discipline of music genre of František Ludvík Poppe?
Which is the ethnolect which starts with the letter p?
Which member of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Corporation is located in the administrative unit of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast?
Who is the director and executive producer of Breaking Bad?
Which is the child and the place of birth of Ashton_Kutcher?
What is mentioned in the article on Staryu and Starmie?
Who is the current Pope?
What is the motto of the members of Karl-Otto Koch?
What vehicle is used in the cartoon Donald Duck
What is parent of brother or sister of tatiana von Fürstenberg?
What was Kannada's original writing system?
What palace did William the Conqueror commission?
For what work did Tim Winton win the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
who is the parent of my sister carloman son of charles the bald?
Who is the discoverer of brassiere , that have correspondence at Southern Illinois University Carbondale?
How do you write in Korean?
What is the venue of Scandinavian Scotland whose headquarters venue is City of Edinburgh?
Which partner town is in the borough of Cairo Metro?
What is the face value of the US coin that is made of copper?
Who were the nominees for Psycho at the Academy Awards for Best Art Direction, Black and White?
Which is the oxyanion for conjugation base of nitric acid?
What are the diffusion which start with the letter o
Which is the art director of Seth MacFarlane?
WHat pharmaceutical product contains talc?
What book did author Salman Rushdie write?
What is associated with the manufacturing process of leather?
Which electoral district is John Key of Helensville apart?
What causes did John Walter held position on as the Member of the 15th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
who is favorite player for sister of Ahmed Bin Khalifa Al Suwaidi?
What is the parent company of administrator Tupolev Tu-144?
What nonprofit organization starts with n, and has English as its official language.
Who is theWWE programs for production company of WWE
Which are exclusions of Asperger syndrome?
When and to which office was Glenda Jackson elected to?
What are the legislative bodies of the parliament in England?
Tell me operating system whose name has the word windows in it.
What is the position held by Giulio Andreotti who is replaced by Francesco Cossiga?
Tell me recurring tournament whose name has the word world in it.
What are the historic house museum which start with the letter t
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Special Effects for The Ten Commandments?
Who is in the cast members of The X Files
Mention the symbolic representation of Beehive Cluster in terms of the constellation
What is the Code of nomenclature of Pholidota?
Who wrote the bible verse Exodus?
Who is the director of America's Funniest Home Videos?
Where is narrative set in of Lolita, whichhas diplomatic relation is Guyana?
What is has sister of Japheth, that has  job description is Bible?
What is the raising agent with the highest sublimation temperature whose topic's main category is Category:Carbon dioxide?
Which vaccine is used against DTP?
What was Ginger Rogers nominated for in the 13th Academy Awards?
Which is the title of the head of government where Frederico García Lorca lived in?
who antonym of typology of uralic languages?
What award did Amartya Sen receive as doctor honoris causa?
Who is the inventor of Morse Code?
What condition starts with the letter t?
Who are the partners of the aspect of Royal Cypher of King Edward VIII?
Which is the play whose narrative location is Helsingør and contains the word hamlet in it's name?
Name the supplementary intercardinal direction opposite of south-southeast with the smallest position angle?
Name a skyscraper that contains the word  world in its name
What are the municipality of Brazil which start with the letter s
What is the science museum with the lowest visitors per year whose instance of is natural history museum?
Who is the member of political party and the member of of Thurgood_Marshall?
WHAT ARE THE OCCURRENCE THAT STARTS WITH W
Carriage source of power is what?
What is economic branch member of Leroy Merlin?
What is the essential medicinal ingredient in the chickenpox vaccine?
Which railroad tracks lead to Bruges?
What position was Anthony Eden elected for and in what year?
which is the 3D film with the highest duration whose country of origin is united states of america?
Which disease is treated by drug interaction of flecainide?
which tributary has the highest watershed area?
who is the empire for follows of western roman empire?
Who lives in Adelaide?
WHICH IS THE LITERAR GENRE THAT DISJOINT UNION OF LIST VALUES AS QUALIFIERS AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD DICTIONARY IN THEIR NAME
Who replaced Bettino Craxi as Prime Minister of Italy?
Which are the Semitic languages that had as writing system the Egyptian hieroglyphs?
What are the city which start with the letter w
What is applied to jurisdiction in National People's Congress, which is confused with China?
Who is the protein for physically interacts with of diazepam
Who is thehuman for partner of Kate Winslet
Tell me international parliament whose name has the word parliament in it
who tributary of lake of Honiara?
Who was married to Ruhollah Khomeini and when did the marriage end?
What are the character encoding which start with the letter Y
Who is the lake for located in or next to body of water of Seattle
What is Rosie O'Donnell presenter of?
Which is the admin HQ of Lufthansa whose twin cities in Turin?
On which continent is Damavand, within the Iran Standard Time zone?
What is sexually homologous with the anatomical location of the ovary adenocarcinoma?
Name city where many movies are shot that contains the word Karachi in its name
who church building for patron saint of Joseph?
Mention the place where human burial is possible in Granada.
What was the initial school attended by gadolinium?
Which is the writable file format for Advanced Audio Coding?
What is in the category of Thomas H. Ince?
Which culture ministry in South Korea has the largest budget?
What is the predecessor of the contributing factors to World War I?
What are the characters in Hamlet and what genre is it in?
What Janet Jackson song did the performer sing?
Every year a popular day for shopping happens on December 26th and includes boxing in the name; what day is it?
Which is the military casualty classification for Karl Dönitz?
Who has child of Æthelred the Unready who is the sister of Alfred Aetheling?
Where did John McCarthy do his doctorate degree in philosophy?
Where was the book of the history of Israel originally composed?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
Name the domain where Oscar Wisting got the participation for.
Who wrote the script to The fault in Our Stars
Who was born in Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in the Nadia district?
Tell memineral variety whose name has the word zeiringite in it.
What are the unary operation that starts with s
What taxon is methanol found in and what is its role?
Who is the advisor employed by Halton Arp?
What is named after the fictional Disney character Winnie the Pooh?
The notable work, Lolita, was created by whom?
Who produces and manufactures the Glock 20?
Which sovereign state has the highest speed limit?
How much did Colin Meads score when playing for which team?
Which is the social classification for Henri Christophe?
For what work Ethel Barrymore was in nomination for as Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
What language is used by Portuguese Countries?
What is the taxon that causes syphilis?
Who is the doctoral adviser of Richard Dawkins
What current country used to be the Ottoman Empire
What language and geography are found in Kurdistan?
What is the subsidiary company that works for John McDowell?
What product or material produced was used in the nuclear weapon from the Manhattan Project?
What is the conjugate base of the anion present in sulfuric acid?
Which republic has the highest retirement age?
Which artifacts are written in hieroglyphics?
What regions have the geological type locality of kyanite?
Where Hiroshima University is at Japan?
Where is the head office of the discoverer of cavity magnetron?
What is the name of the French Constitution?
What region of Lincolnshire is located in the East Midlands?
What is Red River's crosses?
What is the Super Smash Bros. Characters Jobs?
What are the atmosphere which start with the letter b
What border in Croatia subject of sharing between Croatia-Hungary?
Tell me type of quantum particle whose name has the word σ0 in it.
How is temperature measured?
Which album is Billie Jean featured on?
: What are the family of isomeric compounds which start with the letter x
Who gave the specialism of aspect of of atmospheric circulation?
Name Pierre Trudeau's baptismal name akin to Filipe?
In Spain, which optical telescope has the minimum focal length?
What theater is operated by the University of Toronto?
Which is the birth place of Chopper Read, that have county seat of Victoria?
What is the record label and genre of Soundgarden?
What is the aldehyde with the highest median lethal dose?
What is located in the same standard time zone as Crete?
Where did Robert Penn Warren get his Master of Arts degree?
What films has Kate Winslet appeared in?
who brother or sister of painters of the day dream?
Who is mentor of music by The Steel Trap?
What information does Daniel Ellsberg have that indicates the winner is Lucy Thompson?
Where did Arne Jacobsen die, which is also the county seat for Denmark?
Name the color film with the fewest episodes .
What is the higher taxon of the taxonomic rank of Apicomplexa?
What is Oldboy from author Nobuaki Minegishi based on?
Which is the occupation of Clarence Hudson WHite?
Where was Paul VI born in, which is adjacent to Cellatica?
What was awarded to Lothat Matthaus when Michel Platini was the 1st place medalist?
Where is Bucharest located?
Where did the Biblical story of Exodus take place?
What are the skills that contains the word sensitivity in their name
Which is work produced of builder Kosmos 48?
is cast member of Buffy the Vampire Slayer that is character role is Buffy Summers?
What prize did Hristo Stoichkov win?
What are the card game which start with the letter uno
In what timezone is the original glam metal?
Which business enterprise has highest operating income?
What academic degree starts with the letter t?
What type of music does Ellen Ripley do?
tell me castle whose name has the word odenburg in it
Wellington is the capitol of what island country?
When was the attempted coup d'etat during the rule of King Juan Carlos I of Spain?
Which is next to Xinjiang, that has arrondissements as Haidong?
Who has a surname of Ueda Akinari that is the equivalent of Uwada?
Mention the source composition of sweetbread.
Which country for crime has a different from contravention?
Where did Nikolay Gumilev and Anna Akhmatova marry and why did their marriage end?
Which Wikimedia article lists Yekaterinburg monuments?
Which member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is sillimanite named after?
Who is graduated from Georges Dumézil whose parent company is Centre de Recherches sur la Pensée Antique?
Which company is worked under J.M.Coetzee?
WHat is the classification scheme that contains the word type  in its name
What is chief executive officer of Sheldon Adelson?
Name the republic with the highest fertility rate?
WHat medie ruled by Susan Wojcicki contains the word Youtube in its name?
Which is commanded by the Warsaw Pact?
Who is Natsume Sōseki's granddaughter?
What are the cryptocurrency which start with the letter z
For which sports team does Thierry Henry play and how many matches has he played?
Tell me armed forces whose name has the word wehrmacht in it.
What is military rank for vice admiral?
What what is play location of first performance Palace of Whitehall and also which starts with letter t
What what is public holiday day in year for periodic occurrence by 18 Tishrei which starts with letter s
What award did John Briley win for his work on the movie Gandhi?
What is the architecture firm of based in Athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's long jump?
Which is the navy for the employer of Steve Bannon?
What is the official language of the Ottoman Empire?
What is the history and geography of Mesopotamia?
What is the dialect of Yue Chinese?
tell me legal case whose name has the word wei in it
What sports team does Jock Stein play for and how many points did he score?
Which part of Skylab has a crew member called William R. Pogue?
WHICH IS THE VERSION EDITION OR TRANSLATION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD KPY30 IN THEIR NAME
What is namination did Luis Buñuel receive his work in That Obscure Object of Desire?
What is the class IB flammable liquid with min boiling point whose instance is ester?
What features of Olympia?
What is the protein that physically interacts with erythromycin?
Tell me which company developed the iPod?
Which color of teams is played by Paul Gibson?
Who is killed by Malcolm X as assassination?
What is history of Elijah Muhammad's religious affiliation ?
What sport is played for world record of high jump?
Which municipality with town privileges in the Czech Republic has the highest mean age?
What is the motion picture studio which has made 'The Archers', which has received the award 'Satellite Award for Best Miniseries'?
WHICH IS THE MINOR BASILICA THAT ARCHITECTURAL STYLE RENAISSANCE ARCHITECTURE AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD SANTI IN THEIR NAME
Which music genre is played by the Spectrum?
Tell me association football league whose name has the word serie in it.
The Smashing Pumpkins are from what county seat in England?
Who is competitor and competitor in conflict of George Monro?
What character did Elijah Wood play in Huckleberry Finn?
Which is the present in work and the said to be the same as of Santa_Claus?
Who is the member of deathplace of Surena?
Tell me recurring event whose name has the word worldcon in it.
What is the religious concept for series of Rama?
Tell me district of Austria whose name has the word wels in it.
What is Lionel Messi on trial for?
What is Hilary Mantel's college degree in?
What does Liesbeth Lijnzaad study?
Who is actress of major works for Juan Carlos Carrasco?
What is the middle name of Sheridan Le Fanu which is same as Giusepp?
Which is the capital of the Duchy of Burgundy?
What is the head office location of NTV whose partner town is Brussels?
What has William Boeing designed?
Which is the highest note of Mariah Carey?
Who was born in Bonn?
What is the location born of Lester B. Pearson with the title of head of government being the Mayor of Toronto?
What is the religion and gender of Robert Mueller?
When did the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic have the head of state of Yevgeny Shevchuk?
Hristo Stoichkov is member of which sports team and how many total matches he played?
What film does Meryl Streep start in
What is the highest peak in Tasmania?
What was Celeste Holm nominated for?
What is the name of the illnes that Roger Bannister had, was it called genetic association or GAK?
Who is the leader player of Connecticut College?
What was the noble title of Lysimachus, the successor of Demetrius I of Macedon?
Name a relative of Tim Minchin
Tell me the observable universe that starts with the letter o.
Which is the diocese of Arkhangelsk?
What does the statue of Dante Alighieri depict
What artist inspired Lena's narrative?
Winston Churchill was elected to what position and when?
Who designed and manufactures the M16 rifle?
What is the bibliography of English speaker Maurice Sendak.
Which is etymology of Gal having interment in Basilica of Santa Crore?
What is the works for Richie Benaud, having recognition title of Satellite Award for Best Miniseries?
Who is the contributor(s) responsible for creating Mickey Mouse?
What is the name of the nation that China was previously known as?
Joko Widodo is the head of government for which island nation?
Who is the inventor of one-time pad, whose first name is Gilbert?
Cortisol interacts with what protein?
Who are the members of the Grateful Dead?
What are the contract which start with the letter r
What is the consumption rate per capita of the product?
Which is located on astronomical body for Mimas?
which is appears in the form of snake?
What is the disease for medical conditions treated with amphetamines?
Which is the sports award that Tim Duncan was awarded?
What caused the Great Irish Famine?
who fate of television channel of My Wife Next Door?
WHICH IS THE EXCIPIENT THAT STARTS WITH X
What is the Dodo's taxonomic rank?
What is the highest position in the African Union?
Who is the actor Lana Turner
What sports team plays for Garrincha and how many matches did they play?
Which is the natural reservoir of malaria?
What is the founders of denomination of Gregory II?
For what was Gloria Grahame nominated for an Acadamy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Who was Thomas Wakley hold and how did he die?
What Howard Florey was awared by Laval University?
What is the host for the standard genetic code?
Who is the television series for director of Jim Henson
Who are the daughters of Maria Rosa Pulley Vergara?
In what district did Yuri Nikulin die?
What are the economic policy which start with the letter t
what is ring system that contains the word rings in their name
What field of employment is Kōtarō Yoshida in?
What is heritage designation of Venice?
Tell me the ship type whose name has the word whaleback in it
Who is the member of Robert Trivers, that have ideology of black nationalism?
Which is the populated place in the Netherlands which shares border with Rotterdam?
In which sea is the terrain feature from Oceania?
what are the vegetation zone which start with the letter t
Where Alexis of Russia was born at Tsardom of Russia?
Name the CPU with highest number of processor cores?
Which is the province of Pikes Peak that is sudivided into Jefferson Country?
What are the neighborhood which start with the letter z
Who made the economic branch of Saleen?
Who is the belligerent player from Italy at the UEFA Euro 2016?
What is the chief's office of life stance honorius I?
Which is the fossil found in this unit for Gazella?
Michel Foucault influenced whom?
Which company is alumni of Robert McNamara?
Who was accused of the 2011 Al Hillah bombing?
What is the cosmic microwave background experiment with the longest wavelength?
When was Nicolas Sarkozy elected president?
What is the ideology of the member of the party of B V Keskar?
What city replaced the capital of Tenochtitlan?
Name the unit of measurement that uses the percent sign and starts with letter P
What is located in the administrative territorial entity for Angela Davis' place of birth, is it Birmingham?
What National Historic Trail starts with the letter t?
With a zenith of Ben Nevis, what is Gian Carlo Menotti's home town?
What country in the Roman Republic was the place of death of Cicero?
Which follows the Shining?
What is the inventor of the orbited by of Kepler-440?
What work did Patty Duke receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for?
What urban city starts with v?
I need to know the mountain range in the Ethiopian Highlands.
who made from of painting of harvest at montfoucault?
Which cosmonaut mission was Dick Scobee a crew member on?
Which is the tributary in the coast of Pico Island?
What was the position held by Damascus I before replacement by Siricius?
whom is in work of painting of madonna and child?
Who are members of the group employed by Lyle Campbell?
What person discovered or invented the reed organ?
What is the county seat of the work location of Ruth Olvera Nieto?
What is the name for Etruschi culture?
What languages are spoken, written or signed in Somali?
What is county seat for Tunis, that has diplomatic relation with Malaysia?
What are the activity which start with the letter v
Tell me land-grant university whose name has the word virginia in it.
Which national association football league has the minimum level in the league?
What flammable liquid containing carbon has the lowest enthalpy of evaporation?
Who is the director that worked for Peter Goddard?
What is a group that contains the word group in its name?
Who are the children and siblings of Angela Lansbury?
Tell me me a music festival whose name consist of the word contest and whose production company European Broadcasting union
What are the natural disaster effects of rain
How many matches did Abby Wambach play?
Who was responsible for the naming of Palladium?
Which city is the death location of Heshen, which is also the sister city of Mexico City?
What is the effect of tetanus on the taxon?
What music genre is the musical score by Brainstorm?
Who is the human for partner of Julia Roberts
Which is the dominion of the British Empire of the participation in World War II?
What zoological name is coordinate with Papilionidae?
What are the musical which start with the letter world
Which is the position that Xi Jinping held as position?
tell me epic poem that starts with t
What are the Ingredients of Grober Auerberg with measurements?
What position did Henry Morton Stanley hold and when did it end?
What topic in Chechnya history contains the Naursky District?
Which papers were created by The Steerage?
When Veneto is in daylight saving time, what is the time zone?
which play game starts with w
TELL ME HISTORICAL REGION THAT STARTS WITH THE LETTER V
Whereis spore print color of Amanita phalloides, which has is the antonym of is black?
What are the daily newspaper which start with the letter zeitung
Where is deathplace of Louisa Lawson, which has queen is Bill Hayden?
What is the release region of those employed by Honore Daumier?
Which reflector has the shortest wavelenth?
The European Parliament has jurisdiction in what economic union?
What role model starred in Descent?
Which metropolis starts with letter K and was categorized and shot in Karachi?
In what field does Ivan Vazov work as a translator?
What school did the International Olympic Committee's founder attend?
Who is the PhD advisor to the scriptwriter of Kidnapped?
What is taxon parent symbol of Utah?
At what position did Alp Arslan replace Tughrill?
Which shinto shrine is the burial place for Tokugawa Leyasu?
What was Maya Angelou nominated for at the 27th Tony Awards
who democratic republic for anthem of The Star-Spangled banner?
What are theredistribution market which start with the letter usell
What is a professional services firm whose name starts with the letter k.
Which is the port city located in Aung San Suu Kyi.
Which is the discovery method for Radial velocity?
Where is the birth place of Pat Cleveland?
Name an aircraft model manufactured by Dornier?
What neighborhood takes part in Christiano Ronaldo?
Name a song performed by Hrithik Roshan
What position does Gough Whitlam hold and what position was he elected in?
What is the  end cause  for  Paul  as  Judaism  has  religion ?
Harriet Tubman's death occurred where and how?
Which award did Michael Spence receive alongside Joseph E. Stiglitz?
Which are the mineral acids that contains the word acid in their name?
What disease is sodium chloride used as a treatment for?
What is operating system for game engine of Agatha Christie: The ABC Murders?
which railway electrification system has the highest frequency?
What is used language of motif of Pietà?
what is w3c recommendation starts with x
What is the college attended by Ron Chernow whose subsidiary entity is Department of Psychology, University of Cambridge?
What is the name of the polymer for the monomer of ethylene?
Which extrasolar planet has the highest temperature?
What County Kerry prefecture has County Tipperary districts?
Who is Ali al-Haidi's nephew?
Tell me which is greater than the rural area.
How are James A. Michener and David Michener related?
What is the taxon rank of Fennel and what award did Fennel receive?
Which is the member of the crew of of Edward Smith?
Which sour apple cultivar has the shortest shelf life?
What country founded the religion of Islam?W
Where in USA is the headquarters of National Collegiate Athletic Association located?
Who is head of state and the government leader of Tasmania?
Tell me the spouse who directed Twilight of Honor?
What is the etymology of non-Euclidean geometry whose domain is geometry?
which subject has role and physically interacts with Citric_acid?
Where is Christian name of Henry Vaughan, which has said to be different from is Heinrich?
What is the sun for Pluto?
When did battle of 6th Bomber Corps formed ?
What award did Costa-Gavras receive for his work on Missing?
When was Gordon Brown elected, and what position did he hold?
Who is the prizewinner of Alain Renais, is it Otar Losseliani?
What is  significant event  of  Eugène Delacroix  that is  location  is  Saint - Germain - des - Prés Abbey ?
What are the parent companys of that studied at Margaret Mead?
Which star does Planet Nine orbit?
Where is the dead place of Ian Clunies Ross which has rural cities in City of Stawell?
What is the conjugation class for Italian?
Who are the artists of the songs of Guardians of the Galaxy?
When was Enoch Powell elected as Member of the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Where did Alexander I of Yugoslavia in the French Third Republic die?
What did the Gregorian_calendar replace and what is it named after?
What are the Original Public Ivy which start with the letter U
Which university are the archives of Jefferson Davis at?
Which is the reservoir for the dam of Oroville Dam?
Tell me subject of international law whose name has the word nations in it
Where in Washington was Naomi Parker Fraley's place of death?
WHAT TYPE OF THE BUILDING MATERIAL WHOSE NAME THAT STARTS WITH Z
Which is the single that had the lyrics by Janet Jackson?
type I hypersensitivity is caused by which protein?
What is the discipline of the made by of #ICanHazPDF?
Which region of the Northern Territory replaces the Northern Territory?
What was Farrah Fawcett nominated for a TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Drama for?
What instruments do the musicians use within In questa reggia?
When did the Faisal of Saudi Arabia get replaced by the Khalid of Saudi Arabia?
What is the signatory of ANZUS which represents the Federal Government of the United States?
what are the borough of new york city which contains the word queens in their name
who is the estimation for studied by of epidemiology?
What award was received by Dennis M. Ritchie and Ken Thompson?
What is the historical period of the work of Daniel-Charles Trudaine?
Who created the original topic of The Essential Dykes to Watch Out For?
Which is the human time period of Three Kingdoms?
Who is the teacher of the musical score by Violin Concerto?
Which is the herrschaft for the official language of Dutch?
What is the writen language of John Wesley Hardin whose hand-signed form is manually coded English?
Who is the city for official language of Urdu
Tell me the civic building that is located in the street of Pennsylvania Avenue and whose name contains the word house.
What branch is the building engineer in Ferrell Center?
What is a national association football team whose name starts with the letter t.
Who is the life partner in the musical score by Etudes Boreales?
Which film was Cecil B. DeMille nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture?
What material is used in painting the leaf?
what are the chemical property that starts with t
What is the city in Ukraine hat has replaced Khadjibey and that starts with letter O?
Which Atlantic hurricane has the lowest atmospheric pressure?
What language does Art Blakey speak? it is not spanglish.
The Social Democratic Party of Germany was created on the ashes of which other party?
When did spouse of Charles Boyer and start time?
Which state was involved in the French invasion of Russia
What what is type of number disjoint union of list values as qualifiers starts with and also which starts with letter n
Which is the continent of the provenance of L'Origine du Monde?
What is the genetic association of prostate cancer as determined by the Genome-wide association study?
What animated films were produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
What is the science award with the highest prize money whose country is United States of America?
What is the Latin script surname of Scott McCloud?
What is Granada's coat of arms?
WHAT IS GEOLOGICAL SUPEREON THAT STARTS WITH P
Which is famous works of songwriter of Nocturne No. 12 in G major, Op. 37, No. 2?
Who is the costume designer for Ghostbusters?
Which IGAC rating category has the lowest age?
For what work did The Temptations receive an award for the Grammy Hall of Fame?
What is the time period for the ancient Roman Empire?
Tell me linear combination whose name has the word principle in it.
Which is Roman cognomen for Hadrian?
What Paul Lukas prize was awarded to the winner James Cagney?
Who is the costume designer for Karl Lagerfeld?
which steel bridge with the lowest fee whose instance of is bridge?
What tournament had the most matches end up in a draw?
which landlocked country with the lowest retirement age whose member is interpol?
WHICH IS THE TOWN STARTS WITH S
What is the Big Bang
Which is the outcome made by Monterey Jack?
WHO INFORMED THE HUSBAND OF MARY PRIESTLEY?
What are the group of greek mythical character which start with the letter t
Where did David Hume die?
What is the name of the neutrino quantum particle?
Who owns the iMac properties?
Which cycling team was Bradley Wiggins on?
Who was the doctoral adviser to Benedict XVI
Name the country with the lowest age of majority in the country.
WHOSE VOICE IN THE WORK OF VENEZUELA
What is  award received  from  Margaret Atwood  that is  working  is  Circle Game ?
From which University Phil Hartman graduated from?
What is the nuclear isomer with the highest neutron number whose instance of is isotope of lead?
Twinned administrative body of Vancouver is of which county seat?
What is the official language of the service operator of INTEGRAL?
What government is in place for Tokyo, Japan?
What is the position held by John Gorton and in which electoral district does he serve?
What position did Kim Beazly replace John Curtin in?
David Beckham is a member of what sports team and how many matches has he played?
What are the film studio which start with the letter engineering
What was Bimba Rose's relationship with Miguel Bose?
Who is the song producer of season two of Wilful Behaviour?
What is first describe of Deimos that includes partners that features Angeline Stickney?
What is the current translated edition of Bhagavad Gita
What is the biggest contributing factor that has the immediate result of a hot temperature?
Where is the place of death of György Sárosi, in Italy?
What is the phase point of a triple point?
Which is the republic in the history topic of the history of India?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in Daredevil?
Who are the kids of Fela Kuti whose sister or brother is Seun Kuti?
Who is a member of the cast of The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What electoral district did William Beveridge hold as Member of the 37th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
who series of prints for series of the great wave off kanagawa?
Who discovered Malaria?
What was designed by Pascal, who was a member of the Academia Europaea?
What was the position held by Djuanda Kartawidjaja after he replaced Sukarno?
What is preceded by the birth of Gideon Adams?
What is the Xbox One Connector?
What is the cardinality of this set of rational numbers?
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
Which Statkraft hydroelectric power station has the greatest annual energy output?
What are the capital cities that start with letter W?
which isomer of indium has the lowest atomic number
Who is the favorite player of the music by American Dream?
Which disease is most prevalent?
What faith is the music by Frankie and Johnny?
Which endemic to and the parent taxon of Tasmanian_devil?
Who did Ibrahim AbuLughod's daughters marry?
What is Norwegian's official language integral overseas territory?
What is the unit used to measure energy?
Is New Jersey next to Querétaro, a subdivided neighborhood?
what is tributary of terrain feature of lesser antilles?
What river runs through Aachen?
name the cultural area with maximum imports?
Who is the nominee nominated for Vertigo at the Academy Awards for Best Production Design?
What is the valid standard time period of the Kyiv Oblast time zone?
Who replaced Aldo Moro as the Minister of Foreign Affairs?
Which halogenated hydrocarbon has the lowest partition coefficient of water to octanol?
Who is the spouse of LeAnn Rimes when she was married in California?
What is the field of research of the board game publisher of USB-C?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
What is the SI unit of density?
For what movie was Martin Scorsese nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director?
Who is the artist of the albul Up 'til Now?
Which car manufacturer is located in Barcelona?
What member of citizenship is Jean Paul Getty?
Where did neuroscience originate?
which profession starts with s
Which Isotope of osmium has both the most excess mass and decays into tungsten-159?
Tell me constellation whose name has the word volans in it.
What is the immediate effect of weight gain?
Which painting depicts the Biblical Magi?
What is the name after of Doppler effect whose surname is Doppler?
What award did Daft Punk member Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo receive?
Who are the daughters of Frank Crean?
Tell me the literary movement which is partially coincident with the futurist architecture and starts with the letter f?
What is the capital of the area where Francisco Pizarro passed away?
Who was the person that was the father of Zaha Hadid?
What political party is Tim Allen a member of and what is his country of citizenship?
On what lake is the Indian reserve of Thalang?
Tell me the codomain of sequence.
What is the sexual orientation and the sex or gender of Ricky_Martin?
Who is the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood?
For what role was Richard Dreyfuss nominated as Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who gave the sister or brother of teleplay by of Alice's Restaurant?
How is the sigil of Weesperkarspel painted?
Which is the historical country for the diplomatic relation of the Ottoman Empire?
What type of races did Bernard Thevenet compete in?
What is the sister of the Johanna of Castile's child?
Who is the facility operating shareholder at Mongstad Power Station?
Is Paris the country where Heinrich Heine died?
What is denomination of university attended the Daniela Georgieva?
What are the fictional which start with the letter w
What was Anthony Perkins nominated for in his work in Friendly Persuasion?
For what film was Alan Alda nominated for during the 21st Tony Awards?
Tell me psychoactive drug whose name has the word opium in it.
WHICH IS THE SPECIALIST OF THE PART OF WORK OF COMPARISON OF QUANTUM DOT BIODISTRIBUTION WITH A BLOOD FLOW LIMITED PHYSIOLOGICALLY BASED PHARMACEOKINETIC MODEL?
What type of current was used by the Ottoman Empire?
Ryan Rossiter's place of birth is next to what?
Where does Signe Krarup's spouse work?
who adjacent to of sports country of haile gebrselassie?
What is the history behind the place where A Chorus Line was said to originate?
Which is the type of electrification for Amsterdam Metro?
What is signs murder method of Vittorio De Sica?
Who replaced Felipe González in the position of Prime Minister of Spain?
Which head quarters of Miss International is next to Chiba Prefecture?
Which of the Fungicides that cause Ferbam exposure has the lowest explosive concentration?
Tell me the history of Texas which towns are apart of this country.
What was Anjelica Huston nominated for at the 63rd Academy Awards?
What is the timeline of topic of the domain of Meton of Athens?
Which is the antiparticle for lepton?
What taxon ranked species has the shortest gestation period?
Who is a relative of Ellen DeGeneres?
Which is the production company of The Wages of Fear?
Which continent was accused of the Siege of Constantinople(717-718)?
What is NATO code for grade of public office of Jebe?
Where was the sculpture Sunflowers created?
Who are the founders of WWE and they are the ancestors of Stephanie McMahon?
When did noble title of Godfrey of Bouillon and followed by?
What is the position of Bernie Sanders and his electoral district?
What is flag bearer for Vladislav Tretiak?
Who is not same as Alexander III of Russia, whose tomb is Archbasilica of St. John Lateran?
What is the subclass of Populus?
Tell me the name of the illness treated with salicylic acid?
Which is destroyed for First Carlist War?
Which is the adjacent building for Tate Modern?
What was Al Green nominated for at the 37th Tony Awards?
What country is near Lefkada?
What is the grinder model with the lowest sound power level whose subclass of is grinding machine?
What new religious movement starts with the letter s?
Name an infectious disease that afflicts liver and starts with letter H
What type of people live in Fresno, California's twin city?
For which film did Anil Kapoor win a Screen Actors Guild Award?
