What is the name of the opera based on Twelfth Night?
What is the subsidiary company working for Leonard Maltin?
What is the federated state located in the Weimar Republic?
What are the opera which start with the letter z
Which is the state and country of the Watergate scandal?
what is branch of biology that starts with z
What is the god worshipped by Jehovah's Witnesses that contains the word yahweh in its name?
Who follows the member of Victor Hugo?
Who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing in Gladiator?
Who is the pupil of the tutor Miguel Ángel Estrella?
Who is famous for of writers of To the Christian Nobility of the German Nation?
What are the ethnic group which start with the letter z
Who is starring in the film series of Souls of the Departed?
Where does the holder of the position of Lech Kaczynski live?
Who is the writer of the Cavalcade of America and The United States Steel Hour?
Which teams did Lee Roy Selmon play for that won championships?
 Wringer (novel) and Maniac Magee is the notable work of which author?
Which footballers did their high school in west Sacramento california? 
Which excipient chemical compound has the least kinematic viscosity?
Which key person of Clinton Foundation is also the president of Jim Sasser?
Hugh Hefner is editor of which magazine?
What is affiliation for Rostock?
Who is nominated for Lee Grant that for work is Detective Story?
Tell me me a dog whose name consist of the word balto and whose exhibition history Cleveland Museum of Natural History
Name an international football competition that starts in November and contains the word cup in its name
What is award received from Henrik Pontoppidan that is together with is Karl Adolph Gjellerup?
What is the songwriter of Hard Contract known for?
Who is the fictional person whose name starts with the letter t?
Name the underground station with the most tracks in Finland?
Which is the historical country of the diplomatic relation of Czechoslovakia?
For what role was Octavia Spencer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Which career did the character Buffy the Vampire Slayer choose?
Where was WiZeefa founded?
Which country is Wellington located?
For what work did Carol Reed receive an Academy Award for Best Director?
Who gave the location of work of proprietor of Mein Kampf?
What toponym is the pan flute named after, from the time and legend of Dryope?
Give the name of galaxy with less apparent magnitude and was discovered by William Herschel?
What award Eddie Redmayne received for his work The Theory of Everything?
What is the sister city of the Badminton World Federation in garrison?
Which company founded in New Mexico manufactures Visual Studio?
Who is the partner city of Cologne whose government is headed by Willy Demeyer?
Tell me gene whose name has the word vgf in it.
Tell me the association football sport FA Cup Final with the lowest attendance.
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos!
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury?
Who wrote the singles on the Main Course?
WHO was the commonwealth participant of the north african campaign?
Humes High School is alma mater to which person?
Who discovered Europa and Callisto?
Who is the father and mother of Janet Jackson?
Who is the builder of Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate?
Who is the leader of the town where the Myntdu river originates?
What music genre is Song to Woody?
What award did Ilya Mehnikov win where the champ was Louis Agassoz?
What are the avion models that start with letter B
What murder method of Camaron de la Isla is due to air pollution?
Who is the actor in the narrative of Gregory House?
Which is the chartered company is a public company in it's legal form and whose name contains the word company?
What tv shows were born out of a collaboration of playtone and dreamworks?
Who is brother or sister of Khadijah bint Khuwaylid, which has marry is Safiyyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib?
Who is often confused with the snake that has a higher taxon than Ophidia
What is it?
Which book is written in Hebrew.
What municipalities are adjacent to Chne-Bougeries?
Which distributer of Glover is also the stockholde of Seattle Mariners?
What is a chemical compound encoded by CGU with the word arginine in its name?
What is the birthplace of Harald zur Hausen, that has a partner city which is in Campo Grande?
What excipient that's part carbon has the lowest refractive index?
What principality replaced the Ottoman Empire?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
Which state has the city that is the twin city of Geneva?
What is a historical profession that contains the word zeugmacher in its name?
Where did Nikolay Gumilev and Anna Akhmatova marry and why did their marriage end?
Who employs the astronaut Gus Grissom?
What is the dredger with the highest payload mass?
Name this psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that contains the word opium  in its name
: What are the family of isomeric compounds which start with the letter x
What company's founder is Jim Harris?
What is melody of Tristan und Isolde?
What countries does Renata Tebaldi hold citizenship with?
Who replaced Eduard Shevardnadze as First Secretary of the Georgian Communist Party?
Where is the brain located anatomically and in the taxon?
List books authored by Miguel de Cervantes and published by Francisco de Robles?
What is the nationality of Aishath Saffa?
What is the railway that was formed in Paris?
Who is the Soviet Union's head of state?
Where did the conflict take place where Louis Briere de I'Isle was a commander?
Who has children by the writers of A Monograph of the British Palaeozoic Phyllopoda (Phyllocarida, Packard)?
Who is a famous relative of Aaround Van Heemstra?
What has cause of Universiade?
What is the geotope with the lowest topographic isolation whose country is Germany?
Where did William Jones from the British Raj die?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also the place of the Qaqun?
What is the most important medicine used in treating inflammation?
Who owns F.C Porto
Who is the champion of the nomination received by Jennifer Connelly?
WHICH IS THE PLACE OF DEATH OF LAS VEGAS
What is the nominated for and the award received of Sharon_Stone?
Which is the feast day for Saints Cyril and Methodius?
Where is home town of Mata Hari, which has partner town is Bordeaux?
Which river flows through Central Washington?
who profession for field of this occupation of rugby union?
Which business has the most subscribers?
List the American MEditerranean Sea city is also the place of death of Laszlo Bellak?
Which city has it's landmark as Cheasty Boulevard South?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
Tell me which is the administrative territorial entity of Kenya which contains the word nairobi in it's name?
Which sovereign state has the highest speed limit?
List all those whose relatives' nationality is United States.
Which School authors attended Mutations in the DJ-1 gene associated with autosomal recessive early-onset parkinsonism?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Who is the defendant for Hans Frank?
Whet academic degree did Zaha Hadid recieve?
Who is the human for participant of Battle of Hastings
Which is the ancient civilization culture of Rome?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
Who are the members of the Grateful Dead?
What cast member plays Michelle Dessler in 24?
What is the nationality of Sune Agerschou?
Who replaced Sam Houston as President of the Republic of Texas?
WHICH IS THE NATIONAL SPORTS TEAM THAT IN THE COUNTRY OF AUSTRALIA WHICH STARTS WITH T
List all the former broadcast network of WMDN?
Which sovereign state shares a border with the Austrian Empire?
Who is the academic supervisor of the actor of The Twilight Samurai?
Who was the inventor of the B-tree, who was awarded the Officer's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Who is the child of Charles Martel, who also has a brother called Remigius of Rouen?
Which are the papers of the narrative set in The Grapes of Wrath?
Who appointed both John Drayton and William Clark to their respective offices?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Which asteroid with the shortest orbital period was discovered at the Nice Observatory?
When did literary award for award received of J. R. R. Tolkien?
What is the next job holder in West Germany that is a member of an Asian Development Bank?
Who is William marwood that is very close to Guilhem
What's Pete Townshend's lyrics song?
Where is Benjamin Franklin Terry buried, and US Route 59 has a junction?
What are some other things developed by the company who made the remote desktop protocol?
what are the essential medicine which start with the letter v
What Russian Orthodox monastery is in this diocese?
Name the television show directed by Simon Fuller and judged by Jennifier Lopez?
What are Julie Andrews spouse's and child's names?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn works?
What is the show which opens with Gary Portnoy and Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Where Gregory I at Byzantine Empire dired?
What is the profession of the Chris Myers (New Jersey) which is the governing body of Oahu Railway and Land Company?
Who influenced the author of Dancing Girls & Other Stories?
Which school of jack mcGregor attend which was also the training center of William Anthony?
Which award did Simon Schama receive for Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution?
Which is in the endemism of Reunion Stonechat
Who all have been canonized by Pope Paul VI
Where is the member of citizenship for Raphael Lemkin?
what is tributary of terrain feature of lesser antilles?
What Julie Andrews was nominated for The Sound of Music?
What is the connecting line of Chulalongkorn University?
who is published of Physical Review?
What is the county seat of the work location of Ruth Olvera Nieto?
Which subsidiary company of developed by MP3?
Name a few whose live in a place where Indian English is an official language
Name the former broadcast network of the television station which is the sister stations of WGBC?
To which company is Michael Dell a father company? 
Which war cemetery has the least memorial based burials?
Name a movie written by Akira Kurosawa
WHICH IS THE ICE HOCKEY TOURNAMENT THAT CONTAINS THE WORD TROPHY IN THEIR NAME
What is the queen of the land of Bahia Toco Largo Lake?
Who won the ohio house of representatives, 2010?
Which countries have places with more than two caves?
Tell me spiral galaxy which start with the letter u
Which chemical compound has the highest standard enthalpy of formation?
What is the company of Ford Theatre?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
Which is the narrow-body airliner for the disjoint union of the Airbus A320?
Which teams participate in the football seasons headed by Patricia Amorim?
which is place of birth of fatimah that is located in the administrative territorial entity is hejaz?
What was co-founded by alumnus Guido Bertolaso?
What medication is used to treat anthrax?
Who are the children in the painting of Venus de' Medici?
Which is the parent taxon of Anura?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation of the Prince?
Which is the medication that vinegar is used as material?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
What is used as a treatment to treat the medical condition of bupivacaine?
Which is treatment murder method of Ted Hughes?
What is the award received by Ansel Adams followed by Lennart Nilsson?
What was the Statue of Liberty inspiration and who own's it?
Who was discoverer of of atoll, that was a member of the American Philosophical Society?
Which is the noble title of Alexander the Great?
Which university was attended by both Richard H Immerman and Franklin W Olin?
Tell me about the state in the Confederation of the Rhine located in the administrative territorial entity of Weimar Republic.
who is the influenced by of Christopher hitchens?
Which architecture firm of the California Academy of Sciences includes a member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts?
Which billionaire has the highest net worth estimate?
Where does Shirley Chisholm work that is bordered by Arlington County?
List the seven kings of Rome.
Name the person with opponents Ike Clanton and Tom McLaury?
Who went by the name of Ann and was the consort of David Lean?
What is the currency for the Australian dollar used in the British Empire?
What genetic association did the Genome-wide association study for melanoma?
What Saarland outcome is applied to the jurisdiction of indecent exposure?
What is the parent taxon of Canidae and where is it's habitat?
What is the country of the Bangalore?
Name the year and the place on which Marilyn Monroe married to Joe DiMaggio
What is Boléro dedicated to?
What did Safwat Ghayur attend in action?
Which is the literature work that had Hebrew as a language of work?
Tell me government agency whose name has the word yuan in it.
Which is role model of Salman Rushdie, that has location of death is Houston?
What is the human with the lowest age of consent whose given name is Ram?
Where is the school which is the rival of Somerset Berkley Regional High?
Which bridge was Zaha Hadid an architect for?
Which constructor's team won the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix?
In which time zone is Rome?
Which is the rock band, member of which was Tom Petty?
In which sitcom did Jeff Conaway acted and had TNT as its network?
What are the foundational text and the history of topic of Islam?
Which is the document that contains the word öltagebuch in it's name?
What is the sex of the biological sibling of Frederick William III of Prussia?
Due to what disease for anatomical location of human leg
WHICH IS THE TRIBUTARY OF HARBOUR OF BEIRUT
Who was presumably thought to be a student of Strabo?
What are the historical ethnical group which start with the letter xiongnu
Who edited the film Seven Samurai?
What the name of the child of Menelik II and Abetchew Bayan?
Tell me a taxon that starts with the letter s.
What artist inspired Lena's narrative?
For what movie did Woody Harrelson win Best Supporting Actor in the Academy Awards for?
List the regions served by the company which serves in Pacific Ocean?
Who wrote The Times They Are a-Changin?
What award did Jurassic Park receive at the 66th Academy Awards?
What are the operating system which start with the letter w
Which television shows have been produced by Erik Bork?
What water bodies have primary inflows sa Kemijoki?
Which films did screenwriter Andrew Lloyd Webber produce?
Which Texas based company was founded by Jim Harris?
What award did the short story Flowers for Algernon receive?
Who are the associated musical artist of the artists of band Shorty Rogers?
Name the associate acts of Martin Pugh?
What education is composed by Papillons?
What is the hydrated form of magnesium sulfate anahydrous?
who rector of works for georg simmel?
What was Barbra Streisand nominated for during her work in The Way We Were?
What is the taxonomic group with the lowest reproduction rate whose permanent duplicated item is error1?
What what is Olympic sport authority by International Biathlon Union and which that starts with b
Who is the candidate present with Tatiana Tarasova?
What is extended from and written by The Man with Two Faces?
What triad is used for the family of Joseph?
What is the material used and approved by Mojito?
Which artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin is also the writer of He's a Pirate?
what is book of the bible starts with s
Who is Advisor Dale W. Jorgenson's doctoral student?
Name a film from musical artist Jubileum Volume I?
who was the partner of Jean-Luc Godard?
List the show related to the which was followed by Doctor Who Extra?
What is the human spaceflight mission that Neil Armstrong was part of?
What person has the highest score?
Whihc successor of McDonnell Douglas was built bu Delta 3?
Iggy Pop is a member of what band?
What organization does George Rudinger work at?
Where did Alexander I of Yugoslavia in the French Third Republic die?
What zoological name is coordinate with Papilionidae?
tell me mountain name starts with z
Who is the brother of Aeschylus ,who has a career as military personnel.?
What are the relatives of the parliament member whose successor is Peter Thorneycroft?
What country is the North African Campaign a part of?
Name the award shared by Christopher A. Pissarides along with Dale T. Mortensen.
Johann Schelle is the professor of what literary genre?
What is tribute to before of Daizen-ji?
What are the video game series which start with the letter W
Which is the church building for the Hungarian language?
Who was the voice actor of allen walker also gave voice to kimihiro watanuki?
What trees in the arboretum are born in Germina?
Tell me a children's game that starts with the letter z.
Who is the father of Nefertiti?
What can be the language regulator body of Latin for language regulator
Who is the daughter of Bill Clinton married to?
What is regulated by sports Union of North African Football Federations?
Name the alma mater of Ernest de Saisset?
What is the name of the steel bridge constructed by Irving Morrow which has the word bridge in its name?
 Giuseppe Bertello and Pietro Parolin are leaders of which place?
Tell me constellation whose name has the word volans in it.
What what is play location of first performance Palace of Whitehall and also which starts with letter t
What was Edith Evans nominated for in The Chalk Garden?
What are the Native American tribe in the United States which start with the letter tulalip
What is influenced from the school of Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
Where was the birthplace of Louis VI of France in the country seat of United Federation of Planets?
Who is the person that was the mother of Giacomo Casanova?
Whose famous works have been illustrated by E W Kemble?
Name the mountain which belongs to Sierra Nevada range and is located in Inyo National Forest?
which railway company in transport have least operating income?
What is the capital city twinned to Kiel that contains the word tallinn  in its name
What sport has the proponent of uneven bars?
Give me the country where the 20th Century Fox headquarters known as Fox Plaza is located?
who champ of awards of Joyce Carol Oates?
What is the political party of Arun Chandra Guha and Indira Gandhi?
Name the origins of the river with Quich Department as one of the origin?
Who is the subsidiary for Air France?
Who is the person who are on the board of Freedom of the City?
Which association is headquartered in Aachen?
Tell me highly urbanized city whose name has the word valenzuela in it.
Whichd officer's final resting place is North Bend, ohio and belongs to Indiana Territory branch 
What is the patron saint of work of Gavan Herlihy?
Which automobile platform provider of Chiva bus is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra?
Where is the death place of Masaccio whose countries are municipio XII?
who is writers of featured in work Ulrich?
Who acted in the work written by Colin Brake?
Who is partners of contestant Devar?
Who directed The Haunted House?
What other award besides the Nobel Peace Prize did Shimon Peres receive?
Name the appointer of William Clark?
To which books Thomas Egerton, an editor?
Who wrote A house not meant to stand and Akale?
What are the human settlement which start with the letter z
Was Gustav Mahler`s birth place located in the administrative territorial entity of Kalista?
How much alkanol is in the highest autoignition temperature?
Sean Parnell was the governor of which U.S. state?
who is the partner of Pablo Picasso?
Which nationalist group was responsible for foundation of Young Lords?
Who created Wikipedia?
Which member has the occupation of a coroner?
What medals did the inventor of the typewriter receive?
Which taxon has the highest observed lifespan?
What is Chinese writing called?
What school did Thomas J. Healey's sibling attend?
What is the Super Smash Bros. Characters Jobs?
Who is the daughter of Great Britain's King George II, that married to Frederick II and was the Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel?
who is the Vidhan Sabha for legislative body of Assam?
Which tournament in New Zealand has the fewest losses?
Who is confused with Pearl Bailey that has an alma mater at North Carolina State University?
What is the title of the Kakae and also the district of the Robert William Wilcox?
Which region of Zealand is headed by Christopher of Bavaria?
Name the team of Michael springer?
Where did Sylvia Plath go to school when she was a literature major?
What is the religion of Druze?
What are the historic house museum which start with the letter t
Name a basketball player with teams as Chicago Bulls and Phoenix Suns?
Which is legislated by the United Nations resolution?
Which famous political figures are relatives to George Madison?
who is chancellor for aspect history of Delaware?
Which parent company of Edsel was the first team of the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix?
What award was Top Gun nominated for in the 59th Academy Awards?
which steel bridge with the lowest fee whose instance of is bridge?
Where can I find people whose hometown is Ann Arbour in Michigan?
What is the device whose successor's CPU is by AMD?
What is won by the honorary titles of The Settlers of Catan?
Which South Australian House of Assembly by-election had the most ballots cast?
Which state of Tendaho dam is the headquarters of Ethiopian People's revolutionary democratic Front located?
Who is the inventor/ discoverer of paper bag and have death place as Framingham?
What does schizoid personality disorder exclude?
Did the brother of Matilda of Habsburg have kids?
What is the common nationality of Viveka Babajee anad Ronny Vencatachellum?
What are some tv shows created by Simon Fuller?
Erythromycin has what kind of physical interaction with other drugs?
What city gave birth to Mishal Raheja and also houses New India Assurance?
Which scenic design of narrative Neverland?
Who is the writer of The Sandman (Vertigo)?
What group of people died in Tenochtitlan?
Who is the child of the sister of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Guyenne?
Who else participated in Deep Blue with top dog Cray Blitz?
Tell me about the position of an employee at UNESCO.
What is the content license of Darcs?
Who is also known as Gürcü Hatun and contains the word rumi in its name
What are weapon studio which start with the letter z
What is Hans Eysenck's name that the same first name of the 2010 event in Netherlands?
The Smithsonian Institution is the parent organization of which art museum?
Which is the song of the tracklist of OK Computer?
What business does Alexander McQueen have?
Which rivers flow into the lower manhatten?
What is the smallest length suspension bridge in the People's Republic of China?
What occupation of Douglas Nichols has the field of boxing?
Tell me national association football team whose name has the word team in it.
Which lawyer wrote De Officiis?
Where is the burial place of Anthony of Padua?
What what is programming language programming paradigm non-structured programming and alsowhich that starts with letter b
Who is ideology of member of party of Michel Pouzol?
What is the name given to one who studies psychology?
Where did Doug Walgren and Lee Si Chen study?
tell me sovereign state which name has the word yugoslavia in it
Who is the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789?
Who is the doctoral student Richard Dawkins?
Which restaurateur coined the term hot dog?
What organization decides who wins the Tony Awards?
Tell me the spouse who directed Twilight of Honor?
What was the name of Antonio Gades's wife?
Trygve Lie was born in Grorud in what country?
Who is the director and director of photography of Spirited Away?
What sport doe Abebe Bikila hold the olympic record for?
who federal state for indigenous to of american english?
Who is the winner of Friends who has received Primetime Emmy award for Outstanding comedy series?
What are Monrow Carell Jr Children Hospital and Vanderbilt University Medical Center both affiliated with?
Who starred in Awakening and fifety five days at peknig?
Who is the narrator of The Price of Beauty?
Which co-founder works for Christine Jones?
who brother or sister of painters of the day dream?
What building contains the headquarters for the Social Democratic Party of Germany?
What are some products of the company whose parent is BBC?
who version, edition, or translation for edition or translation of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
What is name after of Carnot heat engine, which has Christian name is Nicolas?
Name the basketball team which is coached by Louis Dunbar and has president as Jeff Munn?
What is cohabitant for parent of Adèle Hugo?
Where did Francisco Goya live and until when?
What are some hard rock albums?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Where is the head office location of the International Chamber of Commerce that is next to lssy-les-Moulineaux?
List some writers which speak one of the Germanic languages.
What is the operating system for PlayStation 3?
Amtrak is the owner of which tower station?
Give me all breeds of the German Shepherd dog.
Who replaced Bonaventure as cardinal-bishop?
Which television show is based in Massachusetts and has opening theme as Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Where does the successor of Thongsuk Samdaengpan reside?
Who is the chemical compound for significant drug interaction of (RS)-methadone
Which is the taxon for the taxon rank of species?
Which is the Hugo Award that J. R. R. Tolkien received as an award?
What is interesting in the history of America?
What is the prequel of Ray Stantz titled?
Mention the manager or the director of David Foster.
What is the division of Serbia national American football team?
Whcih is Roman nomen gentilicium for Tacitus?
Which is the minor planet group for asteroid belt?
Idini Menzel won a Tony award for what at the 58th Tony Awards?
Which is the song published of Septuagint?
Give me all actors who were born in Berlin.
Where does the river end which starts in Richmond Park?
Which disease has the highest maximal incubation period in humans.
What vein is connected to the small intestine?
Who competed in Doc Holliday?
What strain has the lowest minimum viable temperature and whose biosafety level is 1?
which president was served by Joseph Stiglitz?
What is professional or sports partner for giovanni falcone?
What was the political party of Jefferson Davis?
What movie did Baz Luhrmann direct?
WHAT ARE FILM WHICH START WITH THE LETTER Y.
Name the tributary that flows form the harbour at Guangzhou
Who maintains the termini of Aomori Prefectural Road Route 241?
What arew the administrative territorial entity of Russia that contains the word tomsk in their name
Where did Allama Matthews study?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
List the junctions which lie on U.S. Route 59 in Texas and U.S. Route 59?
Which units are garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
What short film did Jim Henson write?
Name a space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that contains the word voyager in its name
Who is Paul Anderson's spouse?
List the producer of the TV shows whose company is HBO.
WHICH IS THE THROUGH STATION WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PLATFORM TRACKS
Name a company with key person as Dennis Muilenburg and Raymond Conner?
What organization applies to the European Parliament?
Tell me festival whose name has the word vijayadashami in it.
Which musician was born in Harriman, NY?
Tell me a research station on Earth that starts with the letter i.
Which chemical compound has the highest global-warming potential?
What nomination was received by the inventor of the oscilloscope?
Who influenced the author of The Shooting of Dan McGrew?
Where is the origin of Filbert's Old Time Root Beer?
Which party does Iqbal Singh and B Shiva Rao currently belong to?
Which are the honors of the discoverer of hovercraft?
What is recorded species holding of Nashorn, Zebra & Co.
Who is the owner of Chelsea F.C.?
Which is the oxyanion for conjugation base of nitric acid?
Which kernel is named after Linux?
Which is the game of skill which contains the word tidllywinks in it's name?
What is the hub and who is the owner of Shandong Airlines?
Where did the narrators of the Championship snooker die?
Tell me archipelago whose name has the word lies in it.
Who is the chairperson of the U.S. Department of State?
What planet has use of a sundial?
Did Denis Diderot die in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris?
What was the name of the spacecraft made for crew members of Alan Shepard?
Who was the actress that was mentioned in Red Skull?
What was the statement that was made by the head of government for the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Sergey Aksyonov?
Which monetary authority on the Singapore dollar has the lowest target interest rate?
What is the used for treatment of the signs of rabies?
Mention the supergroup member comprising of Johnny Depp
Which is the institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences that has Russian as a regulatory language?
Tell me chartered company whose name has the word company in it.
Where did George Wallace obtain his Bachelor of Laws degree?
Which US city can be said to be a part of american mediterranean sea and the biscayne bay?
Who is the political figure whose military branch is Colonial troops?
What award did Sheryl Sandberg receive?
Who, employed by Fritz Haber, has director Eberhard Umbach?
What nomination did David Mitchell receive but ultimately lose to Kiran Desai?
Henry Goudy is the position holder of what professorship?
Which architect represents Taipel 101?
What Tel Aviv partner town is the place of formation of Sinopec?
What is the medical speciality of the cause of epilepric seizure?
Which is the metropolitan municipality in Turkey for the twinned administrative body of Lahore?
What is Lady Gaga's significant works with record producer RedOne?
What is is in the principal area of of Flevoland, whose member of is Australia Group?
What does the mascot of Iron Maiden represent?
What is Wales the capital of?
Who replaces J.J. Thompson as the President of the Royal Society?
What is it?
which mountain has a tallest elevation above sea level?
Who is the head of government of Delaware?
What is the state of the settlement, which is the sub assembly of Mohamedia, Tunisia?
Who were J. R. R. Tolkien's parents?
What is the team that created the screenplay Senna?
What currencies are used in the countries which have been governed by Francois Hollande?
Which cover version has the highest beats per minute?
Which political party did the Nazi Party follow?
What government office pays tribute to the Church of St Peter.
Who is Jennifer Hudson's spouse or partner?
What award was presented to Lars Peter Hansen and Eugene Fama?
Where in Moscow was Nikita Mikhalkov born?
What are the lyrics and language of work or name of God Save the Queen?
which is the parent organisation and the subsidary of metro-godwyn-mayer?
Which municipality of Spain starts with the letter z
What city is the twin city of Oslo and also the setting for A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Which was the developer of the operating system of WhatsApp?
Which are the people that participate in the religion of Islam?
What king of Antigua and Barbuda was awarded the the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia?
What what is ice giant parent astronomical body Sun which that starts with letters u
Who replaced Martin Ryle as Astronomer Royal?
Who is the secretary general for Michel Aflaq?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
What is the seat of team member Shohei Yamamoto?
JPEG reads in what format?
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
List all the bands which have members of the band Guy in them?
Give me the sitcoms where Eliza Schneider and Isaac Hayes gave voice?
Name the founders of the record labels whose one of the founders is Frank Rogers?
What did Karl Weierstraß's pupil do for a job?
What is the musical score by Missa Solemnis that has mother Maria Magdalena van Beethoven?
What association football league's name starts with S?
Which was the working place established by Eric Johnston?
Which is the connecting line of Stockholm metro?
Where in Damascus was Mehmed the Conqueror buried?
Which is the short film that had Sergei Eisenstein as film editor?
Tell me how many kids Amlaib's sister has.
Which producer of the Eristoff is also the distributor of Bombay Sapphire?
What is the name of the parent organisation of alliance of Abu Musab al-Zarqawir?
What is the birth city of Charles IV which is in the state Čimice?
What is the name of the child in the opera Tristan und Isolde by Siegfried Wagner?
Which driver came first in the 1993 European Grand Prix?
What is the ethnicity of the people working for the Philippines house of representatives?
Give me the list of people who scaled mountains in Sierra Nevada?
What is the parent company of PrivateCore?
What was Celeste Holm nominated for?
Over what do Concor holdings have a bridge?
What is the arrondissement of Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela, and has a partner town of Mashhad?
During Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, what are the names of the vehicles used in the film.
What musician is often associated with Tiffany Villarreal and wrote Same Song?
What is the cast of Moses?
What is the operating system of the LG Optimus Vu and also the developer of the Dart (programming language)
Name a movie directed by Federico Fellini
Name a building in Milwaukee.
Who wrote the frost king?
Which is the member of the crew of of Edward Smith?
Which university did Angela Merkel attend?
What award did Fleetwood Mac win?
Where does Manu cornet work?
Tell me mountain whose name has the word zumsteinspitze in it.
What award did Arthur Freed, author of An American in Paris, receive?
which freedom starts with d
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
Name some leaders of the parent organisation of the Gestapo?
What is Soviet Union's office held by head of state and its office held by head of government?
What is the name of the association football club whose head coach is Clarence Seedorf?
What is the route start of Capitol 400?
What generic association is Asperger syndrome to determine the method of TAS?
What vehicle is used in the cartoon Donald Duck
Who is the successor of Quest Software?
What is the name of the spacecraft which has carried man and completed the largest number of orbits?
What is the country whose leader name is Grard Larcher?
What are the Christian denomination which start with the letter united
At what opera did librettist Philip Glass play in?
What are the railway tunnel which start with the letter T
Bronislaw Malinowski used what drug as his method of murder?
Who is the human for screenwriter of The Lion King
What is the character played by cast member Kate Ritchie in Home and Away?
Where in France is sparkling wine produced?
Who is the host of series of The Tonight Show with Jay Leno?
Which is the sexual orientation for asexuality?
Which executive producer of the ultimate merger is also an important person at Trump Productions?
Who were the nominees for Psycho at the Academy Awards for Best Art Direction, Black and White?
Which is the source of inspiration for the characters of The Lion King?
what is honorific prefix for John Chrysostom?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
Which is the newspaper owned by the Australian Football League?
which island with the highest width whose country is norway?
Where did the author of A Dance to the Music of Time die?
Which metropolis did Aung San Suu Kyi live in?
Where did Pierre Curie live, which has the timezone of UTC-02:00?
Who is the actor in Captain Typho?
Josip Broz Tito is the head of government for what historical country?
What are the other band members of the band one of whose current member is Robert De Niro?
WHO IS THE PARENT OF SON FRANCESCO I SFORZA?
What was Clint Eastwood nominated for at the 76th Academy Awards?
What is the capital of the secular state of Montevideo?
Name the doctoral advisor of Carl Gustav Jung.
What capital town of the Kingdom of Wessez experienced the notable event of the July 7, 2005 London bombings?
Which republic that is a member of the International Finance Corporation has the lowest Human Development Index?
who jurisdiction of legally established by of water pollution?
Which country shares its border with Andorra which is named Andorra-France border?
List the races of Fergie Sutherland?
What is the type of Naval Station Bremerton?
did halle berry received the award of monster's ball?
Who is known for being the script writer of Barefoot Gen: Explosion of Tears?
What is the government type of Ancient Rome?
Who is the mayor of Sihanoukville's sister town?
What is the name of the democratic republic, previously occupied by indigenous people, which now the majority of its population speaks American English?
Who is member of discoverer to berkelium?
To which political party does Virendra Kataria belongs?
Who is the predecessor of Voere?
Name the building by the engineer Arup with the least amount of elevators.
Give me all Dutch parties.
Which is the filming location for The Godfather Part II?
Which is the magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey?
What people and geography are associated with Cornwall?
What television program is produced by Ellen DeGeneres?
Where is the residence of the prime minister of Spain?
What country had the title of 2001 Speedway Ekstraliga?
Where did Whitney Wistert debut?
Which is the competition class of women's sports?
To which political party does the writer of In the Bazaars of Hyderabad belong?
Tell me the noble family who has the son of Georgina Kennard?
What is the ideology of the Union of Cambodian Democrats which is also the ideology of Palang Dharma Party?
Who was the horse of Napoleon?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
What is debut team of the baseball players who died in Los Angeles?
What is the name of the professional sports league starting in October that contains the word  hockey in its name?
What Rear Window was nominated for at 27th Academy Awards?
Name the famous employee of open society foundations?
WHICH IS THE VERSION EDITION OR TRANSLATION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD KPY30 IN THEIR NAME
With which musical artist is the music group which sung Mind Blowin' related to? 
What television show are distributed by Broadcast syndication?
Which company's division is Audi India? Correct Question
What award did Allison Janney receive, that was won by Mary Steenburgen?
Who is the child of the father of Hamengkubuwono V?
Name the rivers originating from an English speaking nation?
Mention the city entitled for the administrative body and functioning of Bern.
For what work did Poul Anderson receive the Prometheus Award - Hall of Fame?
Which movie is about Stephen Hawking?
Franz Waxman was nominated for which statement of subject at the 23rd Academy Awards?
What are the mascots of the teams participating in the Turkish Handball Super League?
Who is the chairperson that is the member of the Football Association?
Alan Shearer is a member of which national association football team?
What is Naval Support Activity Naples a part of?
Who is the former partner of Chris Knierim?
Who was accused of the 2011 Al Hillah bombing?
What medication is encoded by the INS?
Who married the actor in Shadow of the Thin Man?
Who is the producer of Frampton's Camel?
What was composed by Giselle that had his father as Louis Adam?
What is the taxon parent of Demospongiae that has the science of study called spongiology?
What is the title of the sequel to Lila: An Inquiry into Morals and who authored it?
Who Sleepwalking succeeded in playing Sleepwalking?
Who rules the sport country of Mana Mamuwene?
Tell me the name of a high-rise building designed by structural engineer Atkins, and which starts with a.
Who won the Marcel Carne award as Honorary Cesar?
Who is the employer of Michael M. Sears?
Which is the continent of the provenance of L'Origine du Monde?
Where did Akhenaten die?
How long did Lance Armstrong participate in the Tour de France?
Who is the performer of album which has the song To Where You Are?
What is it?
Which private not-for-profit educational institution employs Linus Pauling?
Who is C. V. Raman's doctor
List all boardgames by GMT.
Who is the opposite of the superhero?
For what Walter Huston nominated for The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
What is a genetic component of heart disease determined through TAS?
What was the award Tom Hanks received for his work in Philadelphia?
Tell me about the unitary state that contains the administrative territorial entity of Sofia.
What is dubbed by the described work of Ansem?
When is the football event starts in July?
What is Fukuoka's sister city in the continent of Oceania?
Name the city with leader as Esther Alder and neighboring municipality as Pregny-Chambsy?
Who are the parents of writers born and bred in Buckinghamshire?
What is killed by Harry Potter?
What administrative centre of Mari El Republic includes the municipaality of Kazan Governorate?
What country did the successor of William Ofori Atta swear his oath to?
Who was the first doctoral adviser of Jacob Bernoulli that played a role?
Which is the set in period of the Old Kingdom of Egypt?
In which countries is coconut used as a food ingredient?
Which military battles are associated with Israel?
What Denmark hotel has the least angle from vertical?
Who is the commander of Battle of Verdum?
Who replaced Isabel Martinez de Peron as the President of Argentina?
Which disease is cured by Folic acid?
What noble title is given to Louis II of Italy followed by Charles the Bald?
Who is prizewinner of nomination received of Adrien Brody?
What political ideology of the Palang Dharma Party is relegion of Inthakin?
Who holds the next lower rank of the Pope?
Tell me gold rush whose name has the word gold in it.
who is the designed by of lndianapolis?
Which musical artist collaborated with Tony Allen (musician) and label is Victor Entertainment?
Which road leads to Seville?
List the uni. having affiliation with Graham Holding Company and have a campus in Iowa?
In which safety classification and taxon is Ethanol?
What award did Robin Williams and Christine Baranski receive together?
What people are known to work for Johnny Cash?
What is the tributary of on the bay of Austria-Hungary?
Where did some of the matches take place where Columbus Crew SC played?
Which person is the founder of Futurism?
Beechland Beach is located in what town?
Who is the leader of Mossad?
Name te football team that was coached by tite and that contains the word Brazil in its name
What is the librettist of Die Walküre?
Where is the location in which Murray Perahia was born, who has the executive power headed by Michael Bloomberg?
Which taxon has the highest heart rate?
What are thewater deity which start with the letter'y
What is the political party of the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru?
who member of land of lashkar gah?
What river is a tributary for the Hertfordshire?
What were people born in the Ottoman Empire called?
who member of played by of The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again?
With whom is the institution of David Charles affiliated?
What goddess was from the Inca Empire?
What nationality is Mirza Ghazib, who is from the continent of Asia?
What is the birth city of Augustus III of Poland, which has boroughs in Cotta?
Who is the human for partner of Paul Thomas Anderson
where is the country and the continent of brussels?
What works of the film director of Finian's Rainbow?
Oprah Winfrey founded what television channel?
What is John Kander the champion of?
Which state was involved in the French invasion of Russia
Which list of characters of War and Peace?
What are some bands out to texarkana?
Who are Paul McCartney's sons and daughters.
Name the broadcast area of Radio Philippines Network?
who is brother for children of Eleanor of Aquitaine?
What shows after The Simpsons?
Which has melody of Das Lied der Deutschen?
How many episodes are in the television series Friends?
What was the nomination received by Aki Kaurismäki whose prize winner was Sam Garbarski?
Tell me psychoactive drug whose name has the word opium in it.
Tell me me a republic whose name consist of the word republic and whose capital venice
Who all did their high school in Denbigh high School?
What is the television show whose sculptor is C. E. Webber and composed by Murray Gold?
Who is wedded to Cindy Crawford, whose award is the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy?
For what film was Sam Rockwell nominated for the Academy Award for best supporting actor?
Which is the domain of learning the feminist theory?
Who authored the work illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Who is the human for mother of Lauren Bacall
What is the name of the secondary national association football team for the Zinedine Zidane Team members?
Name the language of I Love How You Love Me?
What is the domain of unconformity which is associated with is geologist?
What discipline was The Chess Monthly about?
Which person was inspired by Arianna Huffington?
Who are the people who died in a place architected by Jens Jensen
Who is nominated for RoboCop that of nominee is Aaron Rochin?
Does Johnny Depp have Christoph as another forename that is said to be different from Johnny?
What is Sonia Fisch-Muller's field of study?
What is in the production of e-commerce?
Which is the municipality of the Netherlands that shares border with Rotterdam?
Tell me Wikimedia list article whose name has the word nuts in it.
What are all the countires where food related to tuna salad is consumed?
What is the current team of John McGuinness (motorcycle racer)?
List the notable work of David Isaacs (writer)?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
Who is Daimier AG's owner and what is its subsidiary?
where did Deion Sanders debut?
Who is the operator and powerplant of Rockwell B-1 Lancer?
Who replaced Suharto as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement?
Give me all books by William Goldman with more than 300 pages.
What city of the United States is the twinned administrative body of Tessaloniki?
Who is the child of Ranavalona I's husband?
What is the songwriter of Concerto for Two Violins? They have major works such as Mein Herze schwimmt im Blut and BMW 199.
Name the TV show whose cast member is Companion (Doctor Who) and is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures?
Amongst the winner of Lovelace medal, who has John Robert as doctoral supervisor?
Which award did Martin Bruestle win for the The Sopranos?
What was Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor nominated for?
Does the Unforgivable Curse cause immediate death
Who is the disciple of sculptors of Village Street?
Who is the person for place of birth in Chicago?
Who is the actress of Once Upon a Time in the West?
Which essential medicine contains the word vincristine in their name
What character serves as a narrator in the book On the Road?
Marika Gombitov makes songs in which languages?
Who is the chairperson and the member of of Yale_University?
Who is the public limited company for designed by of ARM architecture
Who is the oldest person at an event?
List the people with final resting place as Plymouth, Vermont and has Samuel W. McCall as predecessor?
Where is endemism of Rosella, which has monarch is John Kerr?
What are the musical which start with the letter w
In which ancient empire could you pay with cocoa beans?
Who gave theaffiliate of of plays for of Amauri Sanit?
What drives the subject of the language change statement
List the newspapers whose headquarters's time zone is Central European Summer Time.
Who is the person of the family of House of Medici?
Who is the Louis Pasteur's student?
What is the ideology of Palang Dharma Party?
Which hockey team is coached by mike babcock?
Tell me music genre whose name has the word swing in it.
I need to know the mountain range in the Ethiopian Highlands.
What is the birth place of Syrian Darley Arabian?
What is Andrei Tarkosvsky's cause of death, which included signs of weight loss?
Name the home town of Rolando Gomez?
Which Parlophone label artist was the song “Yesterday” written by?
Who is the editor of Out?
What is the legislature of a Mexican state with the lowest number of constituencies whose instance of is unicameral legislature?
What higher taxons are found in species of hearts?
Who was the screenwriter of Neon Genesis Evangelion?
List the trainers of Shinya Aoki?
What state of Germany owns the copyright of Mein Kampf?
who is the discoverer or inventor of gamma function?
Who is the chairman that developed ARPANET?
What region does Leo Visser compete in?
What other books have been written by the author of The Fault in Our Stars?
Which reservoir created for Lake Volta?
who painters of has brother of antiope?
What is the child of the brother or sister of Herod Antipas?
What is connecting service of AVE?
Which relative of ralf schumacher is a famous formula one racer?
What social media account is made by Xiaomi Redmi?
What is the Commonwealth area with the lowest real gross domestic product growth rate whose diplomatic relation is Taiwan?
Which scientist is known for the Manhattan Project and the Nobel Peace Prize?
Which philosophy journal has compiler as Stephen Law?
In what mountain range is Mt. Anhui located?
What is the translation of the safety classification and labelling of boron nitride?
What is the parent taxon of Lactobacillus?
Where are Solidus and Aureus used?
Where is the stomach located anatomicaly
What is the name of David Fosters record label?
Which is the regulatory body of the language written by James Madison?
What is first describe of Deimos that includes partners that features Angeline Stickney?
Where and what time did William Michael Rossetti Work?
What is the political party of the person succeeded by A.K. Singh?
Which current player of Chicago Bulls was drafted by Los Angeles Clippers?
Which musical artist associated with Tony Allen has label with Celluloid Records?
What is true of this filter?
What is succeeded by Thirteen Colonies, that has diplomatic relation with Maldives?
Which producer of Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet has a key person Dennis Muilenburg?
List all the artist of the TV shows which has McClain as one of the artist?
What edition of the Iliad is French?
What is the TV Show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with Prawn Song Records?
Which are the lyrics of Good King Wenceslas?
Name a book released by Stephen Hawking?
Who are rhe sons of Emperor Wu of Jin whose surname is Sima?
What is the name of the man with a successful career as a record producer and is a cohabitant with actress Courtney Cox?
Name a show hosted by Brian Dunkleman and judged by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Identify the voting round when Marcio Bittar got the most votes.
Name the members of youth clubs which have Camp Nou as their homeground.
which is the birth location of Harold C.Schonberg?
What is the name of the single which features Hrithik Roshan
What political ideology does Sukano follow?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest upper flammable limit whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
Which terrorist attack in France resulted in the highest number of injuries?
Who is the author of and who illustrated the cover of Treasure Island?
What are some employees of Uni of California, santa cruz?
Which is the collection for Saint Catherine's Monastery?
Who is the developer of Dart (programming language)?
Which flammable gas has the highest solubility?
Microbiology comes under which health specialty?
What islands are there on the Greater Antilles archipelago?
Ser Singh is the founder of what life stance?
Who won the Juno Award for The Weekend?
Who is the voice dubber of the Professor?
Which is notable work On Liberty?
What was the award received for Pan's Labyrinth that was the subject of the 79th Academy Awards?
Who gave themusician of previous is of Immortal?
Which is the author of afterword of Erich Fromm?
Which uncle did a tribute to Christ Church?
Tell me area of law whose name has the word law in it.
What would be the Wikimedia category for films shot in the location of Bucharest?
What is the portrait of Thomas Lawrence's major works?
Who is the office holder whose deputy was Andrew Peacock and predecessor was Alexander Downer?
What is the religion of the successor of Chatumongol Sonakul?
What is minimalism according to a statement disputed by David in the Bible?
Who replaced Viktor Orbán as Prime Minister of Hungary?
What is continuing to be developed from HP-UX?
For what Montgomery Clift nominated on the 24th Academy Awards?
Who is the head of government which office held by head of government of Brussels?
Who beat out Sidney Poitier for awards?
What is the human with the highest Elo rating whose sport is chess?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter óčko
Tell me Protestantism whose name has the word huguenot in it.
What gene is associated with type I hypersensitivity?
What is on the coast of Antrim on the Sado River?
What is aircraft operated of managed by mortar?
What awards has Gene Wolfe received?
Name the country that is a member of the UN's Educational, Scientific & Cultural Organization with the least amount of compulsory educations?
What is the bloomington viaduct built to cross?
Which publisher of Stone Canoe is also the university for which Michael Powell plays for?
For what work was Paul Thomas Anderson nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay?
Which is twin cities of location Subh-i-Azal?
Who formed the Rammstein brand
What associated football team does Lionel Messi play for?
What piece of work earned Matt Damon a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Who replaced Vespasian as Roman emperor?
What is the baseball team whose club manager is Chip Hale?
Bill Gates is the chairperson for what private foundation located in the United States?
Tell me the retail chain which starts with letter z!
Which works of Emma Watson have a Category II Filmiroda rating?
What is the state of origin of the person who is the successor of Tetsugen Bernard Glassman?
Who appointed Robert F. Kennedy yo U.S. Attorney General?
Neon Genesis Evangelion is based on what Manga?
What is the birthplace of Ludovic Boi which is also the residence of Fernando Augustin?
what is for wolverine has subject has role as title character?
What is the noble title for a duke?
Who is native to the British English area, that has diplomatic relation to Russia?
Latin America diplomatic link is what?
Who are the associated musical artist of Carolyn Dennis?
Which race is the Best Mate is also the race of the Martin Molony?
Which is the country that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Sindh?
To whom did Anna Karina marry and when was this?
Where in Massachusetts did Samuel P. Huntington die?
In what country is Vyacheslav Tikhonov's birthplace, Pavlovsky Posad?
A marsh is what type of habitat?
Tell me carbine whose name has the word zastava in it.
Give me some series related to the one which had Yasmin Paige in them.
In which country is Bocas del toro a capital of some region?
Who died in Pachacutec, the twin city of Krakow?
What are thebig city which start with the letter i
Which director attended Sir Maurice Levy, 1st Baronet?
Who was the narrator in the point?
What is nominated for Chinatown that is nominee is Robert Evans?
Which major did Kenneth Arrow achieve at Columbia University?
Which software company's CEO is Gabe Newell?
Where did Boleslaw Prus pass away? It is a sister city of Vilnius.
Who is the teacher of the kids of Ali al-Hadi?
What sport does the chairwoman of the Athletic Club play?
Who is the musical artist worked for labels Celluloid Records and Victor Entertainment?
Tell me about castle for commissioned by of William the Conqueror?
what is the county of American Indians?
What explosive chemical has the highest explosive velocity?
What is John Glenn's first name that is the same as Jenő?
Ford Air Transport Service and Falcon cobra are both owned by which company?
What is that show whose theme was composed by Joel Goodman?
Which Class IIIA combustible liquid has the highest short-term exposure limit?
Which river is in the Zanzibar Archipelago, that has a tributary on the [Athi-Galana-Sabaki River?
Who gave the has sister of marriage partner of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis?
Which nominees won Circuit Community Awards for the film, 'Fight Club'?
Who's home town is New York City and made the musical score from The Rite of Spring?
Which kind of bulldog is the mascot for Georgetown University?
What writer is known for the work titled Montague Summers?
What is the mascot of the army unit whose commander is Peter Cosgrove?
For which work, Loretta Young was nominated for Academy Award for Best Actress?
Where is NYSE headquarter located an when was it formed?
What is candidate of Venus Williams, that has boss is Monica Seles?
What is made up of in carpet?
Name a gambling game that contain the word zahlenlotto  in its name
What is the treated by of the signs of dengue fever?
Tell me the republic that is the administrative territorial entity of Mizoram.
What is the name of the weapon of Trishula, the marriage partner of Kali?
What encyclopedia covers encyclopedias?
What is the capital city in the village of Teknaf Upazila?
Who is the member of the political party and also the participant of Fedor Emelianenko?
What is the government type of Kumta?
Which stockholder of yale Repertory Theatre was training center of William Anthony?
What is located in of Western Front, which is member of is CERN
Who is the brother of the actress Trishna?
What are the organisation founded in Texas and Dallas?
Which team did Wilfred McDonalds and Cam Plante play for?
Where is the medals of the artist who inspired this of Solaris?
who human spaceflight for astronaut mission of Gordon Cooper?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and won Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Among which basket ball team having arena as The Palace of Auburn hills has president as Stan Van Gundy?
Is Vidhan Sabha executive body of Assam?
What business is Steve Bannon's employer in?
Name the person who was married to Enki, who had a legislative period in the Ancient Near East?
Which is the common past team of the Charlie Justice (American football player) and Bobby Hoppe?
What was the anthem of Nazi Germany?
what is the member of the comes from of esquire?
What medication is used to treat cocaine addiction
Which is the national anthem that contains the word nunarput in it's name?
Is the conjugate base of water, cation?
What is the mascot of Blytheville High School?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the most fusion enthalpy?
What was Indiana Jones performed in the Young Indiana Jones and the Treasure of the Peacock's Eye?
Which federation has the largest Gini coefficient?
What is the river with the lowest slope that is located in Malyn Raion?
Who was Innocent III's first cousin once removed, descending?
Tell me the space station with start point in Baikonur Cosmodrome Site 200 and that contains the word salyut in it's name?
Who is the writer of The Double Helix, who has received the Lomonosov Gold Medal?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
Mariano Rajoy is a member of what political party?
WHAT IS THE DIE FROM THE PAINTERS OF SUPREMATISM
What has higher taxon of Litchi chinensis, that contains a type of taxon in its genus?
For what railway stations is Isambard Kingdom Brunel the architect?
Who founded the city at the end of the Pittsburgh Line route?
What class would a student take to learn world history?
For what did Steve Buscemi get nominated for for his work on Boardwalk Empire?
What is a religious order of knight?
Where was the designer of REP Parasol born?
Where is the headquarters of Georg Rabuse?
Name the debut team of Butch Metzger?
What country celebrates the holiday Nowruz?
What is Janet Jackson record's label?
What is Sergei Eisenstein's film
What is the highest mountain in Saxony Germany?
Who is the international airport for item operated of Delta Air Lines
What is located in the administrative territorial entity and twinned administrative body of Toronto?
Who was replaced by Cnut the Great as the monarch of Norway?
What award did Ravi Shankar receive for The Concert for Bangladesh?
who academic discipline for field of work of noam chomsky?
Name the source of Raa?
Who is the judge of Nuremberg trials?
What what is sports league season starts April and also which starts with letter i
Who is the human for notable work of Burj Khalifa
What is the genetic association for multiple sclerosis?
Which writer has childrens named Mother Mary Alphonsa and Julian Hawthorne?
What television shows's distributor is Eurovision?
What is is in the Indian reserve of of Fujian, which has borders of Afghanistan?
Name a noble family who posessed the power in the form of an absolute monarchy that contains the word dynasty  in its name
Who is the producer of Captain EO?
Which asteroid has got the most orbital inclination?
What band was Afrika Baby Bam a part of, and often performed with Q Tip?
List the software using C++ as programming language and licence is Software as a service?
What are the diplomatic relations of the Kam people living in South Sudan?
WHAT ARE THE OLYMPIC SPORT WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
Who replaced Bettino Craxi as Prime Minister of Italy?
Who is the secretary general of Kuomintang
What influence did Daniel Handler have on the people of the United States?
Who has a designer in Amiga, that manufactures in Commodore PET?
Who is the sidekick of Sonic the Hedgehog?
Which is the child body part of the constellation of HD 152079?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
What is the motion picture studio which has made 'The Archers', which has received the award 'Satellite Award for Best Miniseries'?
Who are relatives of Ozzy Osbourne and Kelly Osbourne?
Which is the death place of Bjornstjerne Bjornson, that has local government areas in 11th arrondissement of paris?
Who curated the museum collection of Fez?
Who is the shareholder of CRRC which is a New York Stock Exchange?
What is the name of the television show whose company is Paramount Television and theme music composer is Gary Portnoy?
Which stockholder has a label of Wanda Jackson?
What is the aircraft in fleet of the user of T-54/55?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
Tell me about spouse of Julio Iglesias and end cause?
What is made from a source of Triticum spelta?
Who was member of boards at Royal Society and Trinity House?
Which is the religious behaviour which starts with the letter z?
Which locomotive has the most cylinders?
Based in Arizona, what is David Spade's alma mater?
Which sovereign state replaced Czechoslovakia?
Jacques county seat of Neustria died at which place?
Where is etymology of Poisson distribution, with the famous book called Poisson's equation?
What character in Ben-Hur was played by the voice actor Jean-Claude Michel?
What is the name of Scientific and Cultural organization of the United Nations?
What is the high tax of Monopylidium austrailense?
Which city's mayor is married to Jean Marc Germain?
Name the military conflict whose commander was Colin Powell and took place in israel?
who are the member and member of political party for Nikita_Khrushchev
Who is Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's partner?
Isaac Fawkes, also known as Isaach, is known by what personal name?
Which member of the Sparkassenverband Westfalen-Lippe has the smallest tier 1 capital ratio?
Which fictional empire was present in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
What is the common nationality of Funny Face a comedian and that of Georgina Theodora Wood?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
Name the common nationality of Georgina Theodora Wood and akwasi Oppong Fosu?
Who is the writer of Les Chevaliers de la Table ronde?
Which new Mexico based company produces Surface?
Which peak was first scaled by Krzysztof Wielicki?
Who is the daughter of the co-founder of King's College London?
Who is the mayor of the city Johannes Eugenius Bulow Warming was born in?
Who was the successor of John F. Kennedy?
What is the capital of Chicago
What beverages originate in Leuven?
Which airports does Air China serve?
Who replaced Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn as Dean of the United States House of Representatives?
What was the British Empire's basic form of government and the category of associated people?
What operas has Claude Debussy composed?
Where did John Flynn, Minister of New South Wales, deceased at?
Name the piano composition composed by Claude Debussy?
Name something based in New Mexico that has diplomatic relations with the Caymen Islands.
Which child of Julio Iglesias won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Album?
What is the academic degree of Al-Waleed bin Talal?
Who is a team member of the Chicago Cubs?
What is Jamie Whincup's personal name that is said to be different from Jakov?
What profession practices algebra?
Which river's mouth is located in Gulf of Mexico and has source location as Itasca State Park?
In what city is Australian currency manufactured?
Which termini is connected with Tokyo Metropolitan Road Route 418?
What did Fats Everett play in the conflict?
Which of the member states in the multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency has the highest PPPGDP per capita?
Which destination of Emerald Air is also the city served by houston Fort Bend Airport?
What was Rama's next series after Balabhadra?
Which is the illustrator created Goodnight Moon, and also died from Alzheimers disease?
Who was the U.S. Secretary of State after William H. Seward?
What award did Marvin Hamlisch win at the 46th Academy Awards?
Who is the sponsor of Anne, Princess Royal?
Which hockey team is head coached by Bill Peters?
What is the name of the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
What church building was constructed by Dutch East India Company?
What 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with an Englebert racing tire had the least number of laps?
What is the author and the chief executive officer of Reddit?
How long was George VI ruled as a monarch?
Who is the Director of Photography and the Director of Blade Runner?
What has arrondissements of the diplomatic relations of The Gambia?
Who is the person with most national team caps?
What is the sister of the player of Sun Ce's conquests in Jiangdong?
Which notable commanders of the Army Group Oberrhein (Germany) is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei?
Which is the congregation that has the Catholic Church as parent organization?
which ensemble starts with the letter u
What is the location country of the bank whose successor is Mauritius Bank?
Which is the metropolis that is twinned administrative body of Sofia?
Which river flows through both eastern and western washington?
What musicians are signed up with colpix records?
Who are Dan Bilzerian's sibling and father?
Who replaced Andrew Fisher as the Minister for Trade?
Which is the dominion of the British Empire of the participation in World War II?
What is the name of a firearm that starts with the letter s.
At the 26th Academy Awards, what was John Houseman nominated for?
Which relative of George Madison was the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789?
Which ideology of party membership is Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner?
What is the country of origin of the president of Skai group?
Which educational institution of Jack Mcgregor is also the alma mater of Donn barber?
In Rama, what is the literary work for the characters?
Which is solved by the prime number of theorem?
Who is Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz's doctor
What countries are a part of the German Democratic Republic?
What is contributor(s) to the creative work of Donald Duck that is object has role is character animator?
Tell me a private university whose name consist of the word university and whose scholarly publishing and academic resources coalition
What is the procedural programming language designed by Grace Hopper?
Is John Dickson Carr's first name the same as the name Joao?
who is favorite player of musical artist A Collection 1984–1989?
Who is the topic of Shear zone whose scholarly filed for is plate tectonics?
Name the collective pseudonym that refers to the Coen brothers.
What do the relatives of James Hartness do?
Which is the nomination for Jagjit Singh?
Who is Jonas Salk's wife?
Who is the person that was the mother of Patty Duke?
Which field of study involves the history of mathematics?
What is The Dean's Answer to The Rebus know for?
Name some basketball players whose team is coached by Fred Hoiberg?
Name the island with archipelago as Society Islands and has the largest city named Faaa?
Who is the human for mother of Francisco Franco
What is the television show whose executive producer is Douglas Netter?
What is the cat films shot of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
Where do the CNN employees typically graduate from?
Who is the media company for publisher of The Economist
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which sovereign state?
What is Nice's twinned administrative body and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
The conjugate base of ammonia is what chemical compound?
Who gave the titleholder of nomination received of Jennifer Capriati?
What office does the daughter of Iskandar Muda hold?
tell me fossil taxon name has the word velociraptor in it
Which sculptor, located in East Longmeadow, created the sculpture known as Battleship?
Who is the student of Louis Pasteur?
Which Statkraft hydroelectric power station has the greatest annual energy output?
Which is the mountain pass in the location of the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
What award did Robert. A. Heinlein receive for his work on Requiem?
Who are the people who influenced the writers of Evenor?
What aeorospace manufacturer enterprise has the highest operating income?
which office building with the highest floors above ground whose instance is skyscraper?
Who developed the Enterprise Application Server?
Where is The New York Times published?
Who did Gwyneth Paltrow marry in Southern California?
Who is the ancestor of the record producer from The Thrill Chaser?
Tell me which is the software company which starts with the letter x?
Which is the contains settlement of Utrecht?
What are the legal profession which start with the letter solicitor
(RS)-methadone physically interacts with which protein?
Who discover (or invented) the Electron and who was the Electron named for?
Who wrote the song Hotel California?
who married to of actor of Bepanaah?
Who is the Prime minister of Warsaw?
List the soccer players whose current team has the ground Stoke-on-Trent.
In what country and sovereign state did the Watergate Scandal occur?
what are some neighboring cities of Pregny Chambsy?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word sam in it.
In which country does the Ganges start?
Which moto of american Classical League is also the academic discipline of Probus?
What causes Staphylococcus aureus?
Who replaced John Quincy Adams as United States senator?
Who authored the Second Epistle of John, equivalent to John of Patmos?
Which country's leader is David Johnston?
What opera was composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
Which is the website account of Twitch?
In which areas did the pupils of Sylvain Levi work?
Who is the head of country (or state)?
What borders siberia?
Among the countries using Aureus as currency which had Nicomedia as an important place?
Name the venue in Romania that had diplomatic relations in Israel during World War I.
Which television show's company is Paramount Television and is located in Boston?
Where were the borders of the Adams-Onis Treaty?
What CBS show won a Peabody Award?
What position was held by Janet Yellen at the London School of Economics?
Who is disciple and supervisor of David Ward-Steinman?
What is the ethnography for this property unit?
List down the associated musical artist of the writer of Rain Is a Good Thing?
Name the common former team of Marv mcFadden and Carlos Emmons?
who married crystal harris?
Which is the record label as the record label for Linda Perry?
Who is in voivodership of Asyut Governorate, that has diplomatic relations in Russia?
Which two cities in Vancouver are consider its capitals?
What are some party leaders of the parties which have had a seat in Berlin?
What is the criteria used to determine different types of bacteria?
In which country is the Limerick Lake?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor was Karl Ewald Hasse?
Tell me about the locations of important events leading to the fall of the Soviet Union.
What is the mascot of the unit whose garrison is Canberra?
For which country did Alexander Lippisch design airplanes?
What recurring event is present in the language of Esperanto?
Which is the award that Angus Deaton received following Jean Tirole
Name E. Coli's strain with the highest optimum viable temperature
Who did Sebastian Piñera replace as President of Chile?
Is Erich Salomon a photographer?
What body of water is Belegrade located next to and in what time zone is it located in?
Name the team for which Cam Plante played for which were also the tenants of MasterCard center?
Who is the assassin of the Martin Luther King Jr.?
List the sports associated with Mariveles, Bataan?
What is the symbol for pi?
Tell me which profession contains the word tenor in it's name?
What organisation regulates and controls the New Sanno Hotel?
Name the band atleast one of whose members is famous for playing the Fender Stratocaster?
Which academic field for the history of the United States divides into the state of Michigan?
Who is the father of Kristina Oxenstierna's sister?
What medicine treats chickenpox?
What is the outcome of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani that which has been coined Univision?
Which is the animated series for voice author Sarah Silverman?
What species of animal is Dinny, the Brontosaur, who is kept at the Calgary Zoo?
What company did Antonin Eymieu co-found?
Where did Zelda Fitzgerald and F. Scott Fitzgerald marry?
What is translation for originating source of Lê dynasty?
Name a child of Nargis
Name the writer whose one of the notable work is Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and died in Redding, Connecticut?
Tell me the name of the illness treated with salicylic acid?
What psychologist is a medical speciality of mental disorder, that has has proponent?
What faith of Buddhist Tai Hung College is also the acadmeic interest of Paul Demiville?
Politicians born in Bangalore are now in which parties?
What disease is treated by niacin?
Which organizations were involved in the Cold War?
The Maurya Empire covered which modern-day countries?
Who gave the member of political party of John F. Starr?
What is the faith of Kwai Chang Caine?
What is established by Archbishop of Canterbury, who is a male?
WHO IS THE ADMIN HQ OF FEDERATION AERONAUTIQUE INTERNATIONALE WHOSE ADJACENT TO IS PRILLY?
What are the human which start with the letter t
Where is the death place of Fedor Tokarev, which was divided into the Perovo District?
Which is the deepest point of Tajikistan?
Who has his resting place at Plymouth, Vermont and office at Massachusetts House of Representatives?
Who is married to Susan Weber Soros?
Name the scientist whose academic advisor is Karl Ewald Hasse and supervisor is Georg Meissner?
What are the houses of Parliament Security Services?
Who's the president of sovereign state of Beishi River?
Which movie was Paul Newman nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who all have been presenters on shows by the NBC?
What musician preceeds 'We're from America'?
What religion did the president follow which was served by Kang Young-hoon?
In what country did the Watergate Scandal occur?
Where is the headquarters located for the Hong Kong publisher?
What is AVP encoded by?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for The Third Man?
What is the organisation whose purposes are Environmentalism and Peace?
What is the architecture of First National Bank and Trust Building (Lima, Ohio)?
Who discovered sodium?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the highest standard molar entropy?
Where are Thomas Franois Burgers and Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom buried?
What medication works on Chickenpox?
What academic major studies World History?
Where is the garrison of Western Naval Command?
WHICH IS THE FILM WITH THE MAXIMUM BOX OFFICE
Which is member of sovereign state of province of China?
Who is nominee for of Jonny Wilkinson, which prizewinner is Michael Owen?
What is associated with religious affiliation of synagogue?
Where in Ontario did Marshall McLuhan die?
What is the country with the lowest median income whose member of is International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
Which is the chemical substance which starts with the letter z?
Who is the president when Loretta Ucelli used to work for Democratic party?
In what field was Romy Schneider nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
Bridge that starts at Seberang Perai crosses over what?
what is designer of IV final fantasy?
Who is the person from the People's Republic of China that has the most century breaks?
Name the movie that Hayao Miyazaki was the director of photography.
What is the town sister of Minsk where country seat is Urban okrug Bryansk?
What show had NTSC format and theme music composed by Ron Grainer?
Where were the birthplaces of Nawab Bai's children?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
what is casualty of cause of death
What is representative of those active in Harry Potter?
What was the primary profession of the author of The Road to Serfdom?
Which draft team of bob Macmillan is also the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin?
IBM has employees Wikimedia category?
What is the parent company of Edsel?
What games are played at universities in Lanao Del Sur?
What award was received by Hayao Miyazaju?
Who appointed Joseph Clay and William Cushing to their office?
Which is musical score by of Requiem, where woman is male?
What is  represented by  of  Henry Moore  that is  a role for an object  is  copyright holder ?
Name the mountain located in California and has parent peak as Nevado de Toluca?
Give me the name of the space mission that was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and which contains the word voyager in their name.
Which political party elected Aung San Suu Kyi as secretary general?
What on the shore of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, is a tributary of the Albemarle Sound
Which college has been attended by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
What was F. Murray Abraham nominated for in the 57th academy awards?
Who is Johnny Cash's stepparent?
What awards has champion Jack Nicholson won?
Where did the aristocrats die whose mother was Maria Ludwika Krasiska?
Which is the pregnancy category for penicillin?
What was the award the Dune received after receiving Babel-17?
Which nation's engineers have graduated in Poland?
Which frequent flyer program has the most airlines?
What is the name of the lake which has the greatest perimeter and also has a moderate WFD Ecological status?
who is the head of government of Vancouver?
Which indian party has won the arunachal pradesh elections of 2014, and has been in the 4th legislative assembly?
Whose provides the service of Outlook and also products such as Visual Studio?
Who is thefilm for distributor of 20th Century Fox
Who married the contestant of Aelita?
What is depicted in the Garden of Guangzhou?
Which licensee of the WRVU is also the alma mater of the Todd J. Campbell?
Who is the spouse of Lauryn Hill, that has craft who is a Canadian football player?
What gene was found to be associated with anorexia nervosa through the TAS method?
What is the name of the company that produces Windows 7?
Which belligerents competed in Klaus Brähmig?
Which books by Kerouac were published by Viking Press?
Name the women's association football team who play the least in tournaments.
What was discovered at Astatine that is in the country of Lesotho?
Give me a list of all the people driving at pole positions in the Grand Prixes where Renault was a first team?
Which Georgia state park commemorated Jefferson Davis?
Who employed Mata Hari as a spy?
Which is the infectious disease that has effect on bacteria?
When did spouse of Drew Barrymore and end time?
What is pollinated by Abelmoschus esculentus?
Which TV show's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is DreamWorks Television?
Which attack had the largest number of perpetrators?
What is the characters of the appears in of Stacy Warner?
WHich region of the Providence Chapel, Charlwood is also the region of the Joseph Case High School
Which companies have launched a rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force station?
What is the diplomacy of Malawi?
What was Carole Lombard nominated for in My Man Godfrey?
What is basin country for Vättern
List all the artist of albums which have been produced by Stephen Kozmeniuk?
Who are the creators of the series part 818-jklpuzo?
What is the profession related to set theory?
WHICH IS THE STAGE RACE WITH THE MAXIMUM FREQUENCY OF EVENT
What is an airport inside ontario?
Of what country was Jefferson Davis a citizen?
What is the name of the cat owned by Jacinda Ardern?
What was Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon nominated for on the 73rd Academy Awards?
What's the human being for Jiang Zemin?
Which actors have performed in plays performed in New York?
The most flammable solid with the most ionization of energy?
What is the death place of Karl von Frisch that has the cities of Altstadt-Lehel?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the cinematographer of the Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Which is the notable work of John Dickson Carr?
Which member of The Smiths originates from a place that has a sister town named Córdoba?
Whose opponents are Ike Clanton and Billy Clanton?
What are some countries where companies headquartered in the Klang Valley operate?
What is the demised placce of Leo III?
Who wrote part of the Balada de un dia de Julio?
Which is the mascot for narwhal?
What is first described of subject for Fedor Yevgenyevich Korsh?
Who developed the programming languages designed by Rob Pike?
Under which president did Loretta Ucelli and Ann Lewis hold an office?
Who is the headcoach of 2008-09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team?
What is the origin of Xynisteri?
Who is famous for of Andrea Bocelli, which has music genre is pop music?
What type of government replaced the ruling of the thirteen colonies?
What is the name of the business that is owned by The Economist?
What Academy of Science is Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz the director of?
What is the river whose source is Cowombat Flat and has it's mouth located in Murray Mouth?
WHICH IS THE HUMAN WITH THE MAX POINTS FOR
What is the party and ideology of Vladimir Ovsyannikov?
which song starts with the letter w
which is working of film producer of My Blue Heaven?
Who is the head coach of Malcolm Allison?
What characters of Journey to the West were described in A Chinese Odyssey?
Where does the Giannis Alafouzos originate?
Who wrote the musical score of Illya Darling?
Name the sea with Helsinki as one of the shore city and is also an outflow for Danish straits?
What two cities hold the principle offices of Financial Times?
Parliamentary group of Christian Democratic Union?
Which serving railway line of the Daund Junction railway station is the home port of INS Viraat?
Who is the leader of the Indian National Congress
What is the major shrine of the monarchs whose successor is Dragimir of Travunia and Zachlumia?
What is ASEAN?
Which professional fighter, who is also a politician and was elected to House of Representatives of the Philippines?
Where is the next crossing downstream of the London Bridge.
Which branch of american military have both George Siebels jr and Leroy Collins served?
What language regulatory body of Portuguese that applies to part of Portugal
What are the major literary works in English?
What sports team's arena is The Palace of Auburn Hills
Name a movie featuring Burt Reynolds
What medication can be used to counter drug reactions to (RS)-methadone?
who musician of predecessor of right here right now tour?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
What did is the post of Austen Chamberlain and vested?
Which actor played Dana Scully in The X-Files?
Who replaced Frank Forde as Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly?
Who has official residences at Colts Neck Township and Beverly Hills?
What work of Frances Marion's was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story?
Which port city is the highest point Tibidabo and which contains the word barcelona in their name
who sons of portrait of antinous Osiris?
Who has military branches are Colonial troops and Continental Army?
In which races did Mouse Morris take part?
What taxon do watermelons belong to?
Which is an active ingredient of the alcoholic beverage?
What Polish multinational corporation has the most revenue?
Who replaced Vittorio Emanuele Orlando as minister of Justice of the Kingdom of Italy?
Where do the railroads owned by the Chicago and Northwestern Transportation company begin?
What is the country whose administrative centre is Hagta, Guam?
What position did George II of Great Britain hold before he was replaced by George III of Great Britain?
When did country for participant of of World War II?
What music was from Romeo and Juliet that was college attended at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory?
Which is the honorific prefix for Dame?
Who was nominated for the Truman Show at the Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor?
Who is the scientist whose doctoral student is Erich Bagge?
Which office is held by the Assam government leader?
What is the war in which both K Fordice and P Fitzwallace fight?
Name the company founded in New Mexico and provides Outlook.com as services?
Who is the producer of album which has the song Money?
Which is the 3D film for the series of the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Who composed the soundtrack for Cameron's Titanic?
Where common region are soylent and bannock sold?
Who is the godmother of Best Moment ESPY award winner?
Who gave the ideology of member of of Lola Iturbe?
Who replaced William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
What country are Evanescence from?
What character did Maureen McCormick play in The Brady Bunch?
Which work of Toni Morrison was awarded the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Literary Work, Fiction?
What level of court is the Supreme Court of the United States?
List down all notable works of Neil Cross?
Through which important cities the does the river originating from the Duwamish, flow?
Name a Norwegian radio station
What specimen type does Piper nigrum belong to?
What is gained from the story of Equatiorial Kundu?
List the architect of the buildings whose one of the architect is Philip Webb?
What is Dietmar Kansy's title?
Which part of the US political framework did Arthur Bagby and Thomas H hicks both serve?
What is the lagoon with the lowest residence time of water whose country is Chile?
Who is the head of party membership of Lynn Boylan?
Who is the father of David Foster?
What is Auvergne's Wikimedia portal's main topic?
Who gave the sister or brother of teleplay by of Alice's Restaurant?
How are signs of sever acute respiratory syndrome treated?
Name the software whose operating system is Mac OS and programming language is C++?
For what event did Kevin Kuske receive a silver medal during the Olympics?
What does Doxycycline medically treat and what is its pregnancy category?
What are some rivers over which there is a box girder bridge?
Who is the executioner during the murder go J.F.K?
Who was elected for the position of the Member of the 30th Parliament of the United Kingdom held by Stanley Baldwin?
Who replaced Ernst Labin as chair of the International Skating Union?
Which band's former member are Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
when did the silmarillion received the locus award for best fantasy novel?
Name the narrators of the album which has been narrated by Alan Thicke?
Which is place of activity of Eleftherios Venizelos, that has twin cities is Prague?
Tell mec ommunist party whose name has the word práce in it.
WHO APPEARS TO BE THE MOVIE DIRECTOR OF THEODOROS ANGELOPOULOS?
What disease is treated with biotin?
Which is place of marriage and end cause of Lindsey Vonn has spouse as Thomas Vonn?
What is the headquarters of the International Hydrographic Organization that has mayor Serge Telle?
What is the railway station owned by Amtrak?
Name the river whose source place is Gloucestershire and mouth place is Southend-on-Sea?
Tell me which fictional duck contains the word webby in it's name?
Who are the students of Lee Strasberg whose death place is Westport?
Who is a member of the standards developing organization for geologic time scale?
How did the child of Stevens T. Mason die?
Who is Tom Brady's spouse and where were they married?
What is given name of Lajos Tihanyi?
Which is the tributary for Euphrates?
What is the famous bridge upstream from the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
What is capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of treated by bleeding?
What is someone who play Australian rules football called?
Name the office holder whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
What did FC Barcelona receive an award and nomination for?
Who is the graduate of the sculptor of Red & Black?
Who is the asteroid for followed by of Pluto
What is the province of Egypt Nanotechnology Center?
What was Pearl Jam nominated for in their work in the The Fixer?
The moons of HD 45364 b are part of which constellation?
What is the ideology of party member Nigel Farage?
Tell me the deductive language that contains the word prologue in their name
Of all the teams that Andrew Economos played for, which one did Jerrel Jackson play his first game for?
List the territory of Tonkin Campaign?
What award did Keanu Reeves receive, which was also won by Sandra Bullock?
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade and Composer is Stewart Copeland?
Tell me metropolitan city of South Korea whose name has the word ulsan in it.
Who's actions evoked the Russian Civil War?
Give me some organizations working for Environmentalism
who Vidhan Sabha for executive body of manipur?
What sports are included in the biathlon
what is the main regulatory text and the manifestation of hypertext _ transfer_protocol?
Where was Bronislaw malinowski educated who is interested in ethnology?
Which dead Saint had to do with whales?
List down the TV shows whose producer is Stephen E. Ambros and writer is John Orloff?
Who was influenced by Socrates?
where is the head of government and head of state of Kerala?
What is the antonym of hypotension, which can be treated with esmolol?
Where does the river flow into which begins in Lebrsnik?
What are the chemical compound which start with the letter w
Name the listed Salzburg town monuments containing the word Salzburg in their name.
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
Where is the death place of Stefan Yavorsky, who has the county seat for the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic?
Which is name after of Sierpinski triangle, whose ethnicity is Poles?
What town's partner capital is Almohad?
What is the capital of the region which maintains the South Park Bridge?
Who is the consort of Mia Hamm, who is a member of the team Trenton Thunder?
Which friends of power have a craft as an anthropologist?
Who was cast as Rocky Horror for The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Who is the burial place of Nebettawy?
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
How is found in species of citric acid, which has type genus is Carl Linnaeus?
Which is the recurring sporting event of the Tennis Australia organizer that contains the word australian in it's name?
What military order starts with the letter s?
who is pupil advisor of James Stevens?
What was awarded to Miles Davis, that was also previously awarded to top dog Aldon Lynn Nielsen?
Mention the symptoms and the signs resulting from the tantalum
Where is the king buried whose predecessor was Iyasu II?
What has Phèdre inspired?
Name the company who owns HBO division?
What legislative body is parliament in the Kingdom of Great Britain?
What is on harbour on the Reykjavik, whose tributary is the Ave River?
To which party does the politician belong, who was born in Nandurbar?
Which is the opera by the librettist of Giuseppe Giacosa that contains the word tosca in it's name?
Who is tutor of Luke Skywalker, which has pupil is Ki-Adi-Mundi?
Where is the terminus location for the Channel Tunnel?
Which is the organization for what is said to be the same of Scientology?
Who is the film for screenwriter of Ang Lee
Which appointer of William Clark is the successor of Levi Lincoln Sr?
Who is the President of United World College of Costa Rica?
What are the television shows whose network's successor is BBC Two?
What is succeeds to part of work of Very Ape?
What is the basic form of government for an absolute monarchy?
where is tributary located on body of water of Nagoya?
What award did Harry Martinson adn Eyvind Johnson receive together?
What are the software which uses platforms as ARM architecture?
Which is the book illustrated by Beatrix Potter?
Who is the titleholder of the honor of Evangelina Vigil-Piñón?
Which does not have part in air force?
Which political ideology did the Nazis follow?
Which is the film the was produced by Isabelle Adjani?
What takes place in Macaronesia having tributary for Owenmore River?
When did noble family for family of Genghis Khan?
Name the sitcoms whose network's owning company is Chris-Craft Industries?
What is the category for films shot at this location and the category of associated people of Glasgow?
Name the office holder whose spouse is Dolley Madison and belongs to Militia branch?
Which is the epic poem for the characters of Dionysus?
What is the owner of Ivanpah Solar Power Facility and the original developer of Dart?
Who is the director of photography of Persona?
What is the party of the politicians whose children is Sanjay Gandhi?
Name the person behind the renowned work of Nineteen Eighty-Four
What is the deathplace of Natalia Molchanova with a government headed by Jaume Ferrer Ribas?
Which is the category's main topic for Shinkansen?
What relative or kinship is the first cousin once removed descending of Salvador Allende?
Who is the suspect of the Battle of Bouvines, whose gender identity is male?
Which movie did Lionel Barrymore receive the Best Actor award?
which bank specializes in business enterprise and keeps assets under management?
Who is named after the Pauli exclusion principle whose middle name if Wolfgang?
Who is film producer of narrative of Henderson?
Who is Aisha's sibling?
Who is the financial backer of Irish Wikibooks?
Which is the city of the twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
which building has the highest cost?
With states of the Golyanovo District, what is the seat of the KGB?
How do you call someone who is practicing veganism?
What chemical compound has a short term exposure limit and is partly oxygen?
Who are the partners of Devora Ben-Yehuda's siblings?
What are the shows whose creator has worked as a screenwriter?
Who is the mayor of the Fred Ott's Sneeze?
Which book has the most pages?
Name the profession of someone working with statistics
What is the dispute between Judea and the Samaria Area over the country of Israel?
Which member of the county seat is with Yaounde?
Which spouse of Ptolemy XIV had a mother named Ptolemy XII auletes?
Who is brother of musician of Duchess?
What magazine published Allal and is the employer of Peter Bergman?
Which star's moon is Omega Nebula?
What is the POD of the successor of Pmare I?
Which city is Black Grape Global located?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Darth Vader as family member?
What is the confederation of the Saxe-Hildburghausen?
Who played Forrest Gump
To which senator did military unit VMF-155 belong?
Who is the gene for genetic association of allergic rhinitis
Who is the presenter of The Tonight Show?
What award did Daft Punk member Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo receive?
Where was Henri Poincare born, who has the shire of Meurthe-et-Moselle?
Who is the CEO of Qantas?
What is Charles and Ray Eames recognition title who is the titleholder of E. Fay Jones?
What is the first name of this person James Hargreaves?
Name a city that contains the word milwaukee  in its name
Name a person who works in Open Society Foundation and has wife named Susan Weber Soros?
what did the writers of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor work on?
Biotin is used against which disease?
For what was Melvyn Douglas nominated for the 36th Academy Awards?
What is namination did Luis Buñuel receive his work in That Obscure Object of Desire?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest autoignition temperature?
Who lives in Manhattan?
What award was provided to Anthony Hewish and Martin Ryle?
What is the largest city of Pulau Ubin?
Which senator served in military units VMF-155 and VMF-218?
What Blood test Specialty Type for Academy.
Which is commissioned by Sears?
What currency was used and where was the capital of the Roman Republic?
Which football team is in a city where A J Clark was a builder?
Which is part of the ecology?
Which disease is most prevalent?
Who heads the Library of Congress, who is also of African American ethnicity?
Who is a member of the crew of Enola Gay?
Who were involved in the wars where Jonathan Haskell battled?
What is the ortholog of RHO?
What music by Adagio in G minor, that has intersex as a male?
Which television show does Ellen DeGeneres host?
Which is the international airport for the transport hub of Belgrade?
Tell me fictional detective whose name has the word hydro in it.
Who is the factory for product or material produced of butter
Which appointer of the Joseph Clay (Georgia) is also the President of the William Carmichael (diplomat)?
Who is the fictional character who portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
What government is headed by the partner town of Netanya?
Who built the Ford Y-block engine?
Which university has a sports team member called Micheal Powell and also owns Syracuse University Press?
Which military personnel belong to the branch of Continental Army?
What are some gymnasts coached by Amanda Reddin?
Give me the mascot of the military unit in which Stewart Bovell served?
Does Odo of Scarpone hold a directorial position?
which video game genre that contains the word video in their name
What is Claude Shannon's major?
Who is the chairwoman of Eric Rossi's political party?
For what reason Thomas Mitchell was nominated as Academy Award for best supporting actor?
what is summit located on astronological body of reykholt
Name an athlete competing in long jump
For what film did Harvey Weinstein receive an Academy Award for Best Picture?
What is decreased expression in bipolar disorder?
Who is the CEO of ExxonMobil?
During the February Revolution was Santiago de Cuba known as twin town?
Tell me London borough whose name has the word london in it.
What was Ginger Rogers nominated for in the 13th Academy Awards?
What is the patent for the products produced by the Coca-Cola Company?
Which position does Justin Trudeau hold?
What location near Palazzolo Acreide did Archimedes die?
Which port has the highest production rate?
Who does the voice for the Mayor of Townsville in The Powerpuff Girls?
Who gave thealumnus of of developer of of Web 2.0?
Which show's theme music was composed by Primus and voiced by Isaac Hayes?
What is ideology of member party of Lars Krarup?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
Who is the person in the field of work of ophthalmology?
Where did the daughter of Stephen Uros I of Serbia die?
Who are the lineal descendants of Mazhar Ali Khan?
What is based on and the named after of Watt?
Give me all Australian nonprofit organizations.
What is the geological type locality of sylvite that was involved in the significant incident of the Mount Vesuvius eruption of 1631?
What partner city of Oakland is in the principal area of Santiago de Cuba Province?
Who was the president at the time when both Carl Stokes and Joseph Stiglitz held a position in US political framework?
Which tema did Dough Acomb played for which is also the drafty team of Dale Mitchell?
Which is the occupation of Clarence Hudson WHite?
Who taught the manager of Yuri Larionov?
What is aircraft in fleet for item operator of tank?
What was Katharine Hepburn nominated for, for her work in On Golden Pond?
Which name after Hamburger, has a twin city in Leon?
What anatomical structure starts with z?
Which is the production statistics of Champagne?
What was the position held by Djuanda Kartawidjaja after he replaced Sukarno?
Which scientist advised a doctoral student named Erban Ieica?
What is the award that Robert De Niro won for Raging Bull?
Which author inspired Susanna Clarke, and wrote Northanger Abbey?
Is the developer of academic discipline, Petr Vopěnka?
What is the motif of chancellor Armand Marrast, that has Bal du moulin de la Galette?
What is Judaism?
What was the space probe launched from Cape Canaveral that starts with letter V?
Which work of Marlon Brando was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
who was the australian flagbearer of 2008 Summer Olympics?
Steve Wozniak is associated with what company?
Who are the members of organizations headquartered at Amstelveen?
Which sports league has the highest sports league level?
For which film did Anil Kapoor win a Screen Actors Guild Award?
What are the municipality of the Netherlands which start with the letter s
Who owns Aldi?
What is tributary on the shore of Lanzarote?
Which meansopen period from onMonday?
Which key person of maryland jockey club is the appointer of Joseph Clay?
What is the smallest mountain in Europe?
Which bay of Valentia Island has the tributary Courantyne River?
For which work did Penelop Lively win the Carnegie Medal?
What was the cauae of death of Alfred Jarry, which had pott diaease as an effect?
What companies are located in toronto?
Name the borough of the Bordesley railway station which is also the route end of the Birmingham and Oxford Junction Railway?
Name the arch bridge with maximum clearance?
What is the label of Emile Berliner's founder, Eddie Fisher?
What Irish city is the sister city of Chicago?
What is the work of Annibale Carracci, whose patron saint is Luke the Evangelist?
Where is the National Rifle Association's headquarters located and who is the chief executive?
What Boston based business has the highest assets?
What is the office of the head of the organization and the seat of the Commonwealth of Nations?
What is the Hypertext Transfer Protocol for Garison?
What is the river at Cape Canaveral?
What are the results of the iPod Touch 6 developers?
Who is parent of Artaxerxes III, whose denomination is Zoroastrianism?
Who founded the video game publisher of the game Inca?
who office held of developer of apollo and daphne?
Tell me where Jawaharlal Nehru was educated and what academic degree he holds.
Cortisol interacts with what protein?
What prize does the champion of George Shuckburgh-Evelyn receive?
Which astronauts went on the Gemini 8 mission?
Which is recorded at the Cologne Cathedral?
What is the futsal league with the highest sports league level whose league level above is Futsal-Liiga?
Name the church monument where Paul was the patron saint
Which civilisation of Norse mythology had theatre seasons on Viking Age?
Who was Max Planck's assistant?
who has local government areas of headquarters of galileo?
Name the fictional character who was in Terminator and portrayer is Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Who is the successor of European Atomic Energy Community that has Dutch guilder as the base currency?
WHICH IS THE FEDERATION WITH THE MOST PPP GDP PER CAPITAL
Forename of Sean O'Casey is said to be the same as Johannes?
Who is the partner of Rob Patterson?
Name a river starting from arequipa region?
Which is the country of origin for The X-Files?
Give me all Frisian islands that belong to the Netherlands.
What's the human for Adelaide's design?
What is the country of citizenship for the people of the Incan Empire?
What are the literary works of Author Heat?
What company's leader is Edwin Catmull?
What is diplomatic relation of Seychelles, that has subdivided into Tianjin?
In which country is the Chapelle Saint-Louis de Carthage located?
Which is Roman cognomen for Hadrian?
Who composed songs in the Mr Tambourine Man album?
What is the colour of Xocolatlite?
Mention the real gross rate of domestic product growth in Unitary state?
What is the treatment for lymphoma?
What is county seat for Tunis, that has diplomatic relation with Malaysia?
Which is the city for the twinned administrative body of Nagasaki?
What academic subject is Euler's identity the discoverer of?
Name the office holder who has a child named Lori Black and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
What is the college of Malik Ausean which is also the college of Kyle Fuller?
Which is parent range of highest peak of Federal District?
What is the television show whose theme music composer's home town is El Sobrante, California?
What markup language is HTML5 based on?
Where do the Red Sox play?
Where did Henry and Nancy Kissinger get married?
Name a student of Max Planck
What is the category of films filmed in that place and also the category of associates of Belgrade?
Who influenced Roald Dahl's career?
In which countries have models hanged themselves?
what is day in year for periodic occurrence for easter?
Who is the human for father of Alexander Graham Bell
What is the ranking of Russia at the FIFA World Cup?
What platform did whistleblower Julian Assange use?
What work is Zaha Hadid known for in addition to Capital Hill Residence?
What state with the lowest mains voltage is a member of Interpol?
Which article of Z-Boys features the film director Stacy Peralta?
Who is the leader of the Robert A. Heinlein award?
From which team did Marv McFadden played?
Who is the tallest basketball player?
What are the ballet which start with the letter terpsichore
What is the official app of Instagram?
Which universit's affiliation is with Kalpan, Inc. and has campus at Iowa?
What is sequel of Carleton B. Swift Jr?
Who is the co-founder of publishing house of Journal of experimental psychology, human learning and memory?
In which country's cuisine, ham is an important part?
who was the president under whom winston bryant served as a lieutenant?
Name the office holder who has a child named lori Black and Harvard Westlake school as one of the educational institute?
List the team for which Doug Acomb played?
What was Piers Anthony nominated for that's work is the Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn?
Which rockets were launched from Baikonur?
What is the end time and place of marriage of Ernest Borgnine who has Ethel Merman as his wife?
Which Shumen cave has the lowest temperature?
Which character was a musician in Guardians of the Galaxy?
What Spanish election to the Parliament of Catalonia had the fewest legitimate votes?
What is the eponym of Jupiter that has a child body called Chaldene?
What is the college attended by Ron Chernow whose subsidiary entity is Department of Psychology, University of Cambridge?
Where is the list of episodes for Lassie?
Which is the school of Mahendra Singh Dhoni?
Who is the occupant of Liberal International?
What is the first described death place of Ariel?
Who did James Joyce get married to in London?
Who are the sons and daughters of Athena?
WHICH IS THE HEALTH SPECIALITY FOR INFECTION
What wind turbine power station has the least annual energy output?
Was Constantin Stanislavski born in Moscow?
Name the mammals which are primate and belongs to family of ape?
Mention the name of the companion of Johnny Cash in his discography
What was developed by someone working in Cockroach Labs?
Name someone living in Indianapolis
Which sports league is the Romain Inex team a part of?
Where is the place of death and what was the cause of death of Grover Cleveland?
What is the place of activity of Paul Gauguin, that has shires and is in the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
Who is the child of Pompey and the mother, Mucia Tertia?
What Marama Teururai brother is married to Pōmare V?
What silent short film depicts Richard III of England?
What award did Cormac McCarthy receive for his work on The Road?
What is the television show whose vocals are performed by April Stewart and Mona Marshall?
Who was Paul von Hindenburg's wife?
What is manufactured NEC PC-9800 series whose sector is electronics?
What is the border of the death place of Domino Harvey?
What is award received of Harlan Ellison that is work is \Repent, Harlequin!\ Said the Ticktockman?
What ethinicity of Linda Hogan is also the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
Vanessa Redgrave was nominated for the Academy Awards.
who doctoral supervisor of academic supervisor of emile durkheim?
What is the name of Alexander Blok's birthplace, that has Manchester as a sister city?
What is the name of the city next to where Yue Fei died?
For which American football team is Bill Belichick playing
Give me Russia's lowest ranking at the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
The Prime minister who worked in the Khmer Issarak follows which religion?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
Which ethnicity is Mrs Dorothy Dandridge?
who was the pope replaced by?
Who was in charge before Josef Kramer?
What team has Sam Keller and Jim McMilin played for?
What are the properties of sulfate ion?
In which company's boards does the founder of Bomis sit?
Who is the marriage partner starring The Girl Can't Help It?
Companies founded in Taiwan have typically which divisions?
What city in New York was Martin Balsam born in?
Who is the head coach of Arsenal F.C.?
Name the municipality of Roberto Clemente Bridge?
Who acted in the movies whose music is composed by Walter Scharf?
Who is the sculptor portrayed in mandolin?
Tell me Beer festival whose name has the word oktoberfest in it.
What field is associated with soil science and is considered to be equivalent to pedology?
Who is the diplomatic relation to the United States of America whose Chief of State is Mswati III?
tell me sexual orientation that name has the word sex in it
Which is designed by Dragon Quest?
What do you combine vinegar and gasoline to create?
Who is the champion of Frederick Sumner McKay?
Name an art that starts with the letter T
To which country do the players of Waitakere United belong?
Which subsidiary company of Alstom has it's head quarters in London?
Who was responsible for the allegiance of Nazi Germany
Which party of Rishang Keishing is the leader at Manendragarh?
What is the part of constellation of setting location of Mass Effect 2?
Name an alcohol that contains the word ether in its name
Tell me alcohol whose name has the word ynol in it.
What tributaries are near the Lake of Cadiz?
Name the office holder whose Governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has resting place as North Bend, Ohio?
What is toponym of St. Elmo's fire, that has historical era is Roman Empire?
Which person constituency is Duboce Triangle, San Francisco and military unit is USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
What are the names of Courtney Love's husband and child?
Who married a contestant of Mussorgysky?
what is the instruction set of runtime windows 95?
Name the television show voiced by April Stewart and Eliza Schneider?
Whichs house of characters of Benvenuto Cellini?
What award was received by the speaker Carl Jacob Burckhardt?
In what NY neighborhood was Charlie Sheen born?
What is the daughter that has kids of Halaevalu Mataʻaho ʻAhomeʻe?
Who is buried in Montreal?
What is the board game with the highest number of minimum players?
What Éric Rohmer is nominated for his work The Marquise of O?
What government is headed by the land of Arkhangelsk?
Which river has its roots in Baikal Mountains?
List the major shrines of Jovan Vladimir?
What is Leslie Lamport's country of citizenship?
Which coach of England national under 21 footbal team is also the coach of Aston Villa F.C season?
Who has child of Æthelred the Unready who is the sister of Alfred Aetheling?
What are some fictional characters whose voice is in the peanuts movie?
What is the country of origin and language of work of Catch-22?
Who wrote the play in which a character called Stella Kowalski exists?
Which means instrument for harmonica?
What is the diplomatic relation of Cambodia whose national anthem is Hatikvah?
Which ketone has the highest minimal lethal dose?
Name the origin of Henry Cluney?
What is persimmon's higher taxon?
What administrative territorial entity of Kenya starts with the letter n?
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
What sister of Jean Shrimpton has brown eyes?
What do the authors of Needle in the Groove inform us about?
What is the deal in the village of Western Cape, having a diplomatic relation with the United Kingdom?
Who does the voice of Thomas the Tank Engine on the show Thomas and Friends?
Which sovereign state is located in the administrative territorial entity of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
What is the etymology of non-Euclidean geometry whose domain is geometry?
What in the code for INS?
What is the colour of Red Marauder?
WHICH IS THE BRAND WITH THE MAXIMUM SCALE
Which regulatory body of language of expression of Juan José Flores?
What is the county seat of the death location of Sylvia Plath?
What work did Jacques Tati do to receive a Jury Prize award?
Where does the river begin whose left tributary is Krapanski Potok?
Name the common alma mater of the Henry Morton Dexter and Jack McGregor
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Essex and river mouth is North Sea?
Tell me the sports team which contains the word world in it's name?
Name a road in Karachi.
Rama was a character of which national epic?
What award did John Steinbeck receive?
Who is favorite player of The Rolling Stones, that has found guilty of is tax evasion
List common systems are developed by of the Google Videos and written by of the Google Web Toolkit?
What country is next to Tim Conway?
In which city are the headquarters of the United Nations?
Which territory of Indianapolis is Unigov located in?
For which movie did Vivien Leigh recieve the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who edited the movie 'Jaws' and is buried in Encino?
What is the capital of the Hamburg region?
Which is the biosafety level of 1?
Who is the student of Luke Skywalker?
What are some famous works of the writer of The Second Coming?
What was the attempted murder method used against Henry Clay Frick?
What country is Mount Everest in?
Which university attended by Donn Barber and education institute of Jack McGregor?
Where is the rival school of Somerset Berkeley Regional High school?
What party is friend of society NSDAP a member of?
What work in Jamaica was Lee Scratch Perry nominated for?
What films have been shot in Yokohama?
Mike Shinoda is in which band?
Who is the creator and voice actor of Mickey Mouse?
Who replaced Mohammed Omar as the Emir of Afghanistan?
Tell me fish whose name has the word platichthys in it.
Who established label of Super Junior?
Name the company founded in US and provides OneDrive as service?
Who are the creators of Colossus of Rhodes, whose's career is builder?
What is the first name of Channing Tatum that is the same as Matthias?
What film is a prequel of Goal III: Taking on the World?
What is the language of work or name and the programming language of Skype?
What is the coined amount of oxygen, that has the member of its Royal Society?
who is the Minnie Marx children's sister?
What is the natural reservoir of an insect known as?
What is Sigmund Jähn's first name in Latin?
Whre does Akhenaten died?
What is the colorless Class II combustible liquid with the lowest median lethal concentration?
What are the towns who have Thesaban system?
Who is the operator of AT&T Park?
Which association and team does Lionel Messi play for?
Which record company owns the record label for Peter Gabriel?
Which writer is famous for works written by Neil Gaiman?
Who are the children and siblings of Angela Lansbury?
Thessaloniki is part of what region?
In which region is the rival school of Somerset, Massachusetts located?
Who was Rembrandt's teacher?
What award did Duke Ellington receive for Jonas?
Who is the master of the musical score of Songs of sundrie natures?
Which Spanish road leads to Seville?
which valley starts with v
Who is on the committee of the Free Software Foundation?
Which ethinicity of Riley Reid is the state of origin of Holmes Colbert?
What has pet of dog?
Karisma Kapoor is considered top dog in which of the medals of Rakhee Gulzar?
Who lives on the shore of Richard Dawkins?
Name all the venues of the convention which has also been hosted in San Diego Convention?
Who is member of of university of Douglas Southall Freeman?
What are the orbits of Europa and it's moon Thebe?
What city is governed by the Bank of Upper Canada Building?
Who encoded that physically interacts with L-Phenylalanine?
Which soccer players are currently playing for NYC FC?
Who is the mascot of Alan I. Bigel's faculty?
Which county seats are in the district where I can find the Hylebos Creek?
What did John Rawls ask Immanuel?
Who is the spouse of the person who painted Glorious victory?
Which organizations were founded in 1930?
tell me about thoracic disease that contains the word syndrome in their name
Who is the central bank/issuer of Russian ruble?
Who is Akbar's father?
Which countries have more than ten caves?
What is the title of American Airlines' in-flight magazine?
What is the wikipedia article for Mauricio Macri?
What is the region served by Toll Global Express and also borders Siberia?
Which is plays of ice skate, that has has proponent is goaltender?
What is the alma mater of the James Still which is also the alma mater of Tom Maniatis?
What is the alma mater of Alvin Bell and Charles Plosser?
Who starred in Nothing in Common and produced From the Earth to the Moon?
Name the partners of the models whose one of the partner is Thom Evans?
What is the between of the takes part of Lin Dan?
Who are the daughters of the wives of Hans Rehmann?
What is the motto of Shahada?
Give me the birth place of Frank Sinatra.
Who has produced movies that have a James Horner score?
What is the label of The Armed Man; a musical group that belongs to the parent company Universal Music Group?
What is written in a programming language developed by GNOME Project?
Dennis M. Ritchie developed which imperative programming language?
Name the television show whose network is TNT (TV channel) and Prime Time Entertainment Network?
Which soccer clubs are in the Liga Divisi Utama?
Which city has the least inhabitants?
Which is the puppet state of the capital of Vilnius?
Which is the candidature that Gustav Winckler took part of?
What are the religious text which start with the letter t
Name the console whose successor is PlayStation 4 and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Who was the coach of 1972 Oakland Raiders season?
Which is the twin city of place of death of Clark Gable?
What are some famous pieces composed by The Seasons?
Which department is responsible for the city of Paris
What is parent company for alumna of Thomas Hobbes?
Who is perpetrator of Great Northern War who is next to Holy Roman Empire?
Who was the student of Democritus?
Who is made by part of series Homage to the Square--Insert?
Where was Christian liturgy founded?
Which anatomical structure connects with the stomach?
What is the birthplace of the son of Louis IX of France?
What are the colors of Herbert Banks team?
Which assembly of the Plymouth Savoy is the route end of the NorthSouth Transport Corridor?
What are the manned spaceflight programme which start with the letter p
What what is public educational institution of the United States category for employees of the organization Category:Clemson University faculty and also which that starts with c
who child of has brother of Arthur Baldwin, 3rd earl baldwin of bewdley?
What is the work nature of Elizabeth Arden?
What river runs through Aachen?
Bud Adams owns which american football team?
Which is the conjugate acid for nitric acid?
What administrative territorial entity of Russia starts with the letter t?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for best sound mixing from The Last of the Mohicans?
For a position in which institution were both Jack Ryan and Robert sarvis both appointed?
Where are the philosophers from, whose main work is on the matter of feminism in Canada?
What is the name of subsidiary company of Fawlty Towers motion picture studio?
In which nation does the league take place where C.D. Primeiro de Agosto play?
What planet orbits the star of an asteroid belt?
Paul Morphy compiled journals of which field?
Who made and dispensed ANGTT
Who are some cofounders of record labels with Frank Rogers?
In which races have Tillingdale's horses participated?
Where did William Bligh die?
Who are the parent organization and the parent club of FC Barcelona?
Which are the primary destinations for Hachinohe?
What is the voivodeship of Beni Suef Governorate that has diplomatic relation to South Korea?
What are the business which start with the letter v
What is the draft team of Dale Mitchell (ice hockey)?
What French youth football team is Zinedine Zidane part of?
What treats disease and is used for treatment of leiomyoma?
What role did Kim Hunter play in 'Gone With The Wind'?
Moon Jae-in is the head of state of which constitutional republic?
Tell me the longest-distance sport in which Rudolf Caracciola is champion.
What awarded Peter Sellers was nominated for at 37th Academy Awards?
What country is Cluj-Napoca in, where Matthias Corvinus was born?
What is the protein, found in its related taxon, in Homo sapiens?
What is Jeff Foxworthy's political party, whose emblem is an elephant?
Who has sister of children Ovadia Yosef?
Oscar Niemeyer died in Rio de Janeiro, which is located in what country?
Tell me the Palace that starts with t
Which American citizen has spent the least amount of time in space?
Who is the owner of the theatre company that made 'The Birth of the Star Spangled Banner'?
What workplace compiled Historia Coelestis Britannica?
Which is the taxon rank and the temporal range start of Animal?
Where was the place of activity for Erich Von dem Bach-Zelewski, that was on lake in the Westhafen Canal?
How many seats are in prefectural assembly?
What is the attendee that participated in Belarus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004?
How is a marathon practiced and where does its name come from?
for what walker percy was bominated in the work is moviegoer?
List the authors of the musicals whose songwriter is Richard M. Sherman.
Where was Bach born?
which is the sovereign state for the renminbi currency?
Name the version in the zarzuela genre which is most expensive?
What sports can be played in institutions in Bataan?
What are the direct-controlled municipality which start with the letter t
who next to lake of the principal area of university of medical Sciences and technology?
Who is the co-founder and facility operator of Express Tram?
What is garrison in Commonwealth of Nations having category of associated people of Category:People from London?
What is the religious affiliation of Hong Kong Taoist Association Tang Hin Memorial Secondary School?
Who owns the New York Times?
WHICH IS THE SPECIALIST OF THE PART OF WORK OF COMPARISON OF QUANTUM DOT BIODISTRIBUTION WITH A BLOOD FLOW LIMITED PHYSIOLOGICALLY BASED PHARMACEOKINETIC MODEL?
To what nation do Victor Gunasekara and Anuruddha Ratwatte owe their allegiance?
Who is Stanislaw Grabowski's brother's son?
What country is Santa Monica in where Fred MacMurray died?
What is next to the Golcona Sultanate that is in Ahmadnagar?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and successor is Adrian A. Basora?
Tell me a civil parish that begins with the letter w
What's the name of the sister town of the place where Franz Holzapfel died?
Why was Theodore von Kármán received the title of doctor honoris causa?
Where is the resting place of dedication of the Church of St Peter?
Where can I find things run by the maritime museum of San Diego?
Who are the opponents of Gervase Helwys?
What is the common licence of the Frontaccounting and nUbuntu?
Name hte builder of Baku Olympic Stadium?
Who studied at Harvard-Westlake School and has Henry E. Catto, Jr. as predecessor?
who are sons of the actress of The Silent Enemy?
For what work was Frank Lloyd granted an Academy Award for Best Director?
Which is the government organization that has Purdue University as parent organization?
What nation is the motherland of Ricardo Alfonso Cerna where Apostolic Vicariate of El Petn is located?
Where is the sister station of Al Arabiya 99 located?
What is landscape made of from Still Life with Apples?
What NFPA-listed chemical compound has the most potential to contribute to global warming?
Who are the employees of WIlliam Blackstone?
Who thought the class of Antonio Ermolao Paoletti?
Who died in Montreal?
Which intergovernmental organization is headed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Who is the county seat of the Nordic Council?
Which country was Eldar Ryazanov born in as he was born in Samara?
Who gave themayor of mediatised to of Government of the 1st Dáil?
Give the genetic association of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder that is determined via TAS.
Which semi-automatic pistol has the highest muzzle velocity?
What is the next steel bridge crossing upstream of London Bridge?
What mammals are classified into Diprotodontia?
What are the occupational carcinogen which start with the letter t
Which award was received by Ilya Frank together with Pavel Cherenkov?
What sports are played in schools where Swahili is the official language?
What television show is aired on channel Sirius XM Holdings?
Who is the translator of The Jungle Book?
What is the name of the church where Kollegah works that has Wilhelm Von Becker as senior pastor?
Who is manager of Youth Olympic Games?
What would be the most important creation which involved both Neil Cross and Russel Davies?
Name the airlines which have a hub in airport in SF?
Who is champion of nominee for Graduation?
Which football players have Newell's Old Boys as youthclub?
What chemical compound with the maximum acceptable daily intake is in insecticide?
Which sports exist in the universities whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
What is the death location of John Hancock, which has the sister city of Johannesburg?
Tell me the archaeological artifact that was discovered by Pierre-François Bouchard and starts with the letter r?
What writers have nationality as Statelessness? 
Alan Menken was the film crew member for which animated feature film?
What does Commodore 64 produce?
Name the district of Robert William Wilcox?
Who is the president of Eritrea?
Which person belongs to the board of Howard Hughes Medical Institute?
What tributary is the watercourse outflow of Po?
Which contnet license provider of Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the game platform of Google Clud Connect?
when did george orwell receive the award for his work Animal farm?
Give me all the TV shows with Neil Patrick Harris.
What is the highest peak in Tasmania?
What is the featured work in Albany?
What is applied to jurisdiction in National People's Congress, which is confused with China?
Name the FSK 12 rated 3D film with the highest cost?
Which is the village which contains the word tonbak in it's name?
What is the male toponyym of Lorentz's trasnformation?
In which country did American English originate?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Ibibio people and India?
In which countries are there banks which came after the National Commercial Bank of Mauritius?
Who is the developer of NGC 7027 whose second language is French?
Name the royalty whose spouse was Cleopatra V of Egypt and one of his parent was Ptolemy XII Auletes?
Name a royalty whose one of the child is Augustus and is associated with Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus?
Tell me identical twins whose name has the word veronicas in it
Name the people who were in a youth club managed by Luis Enrique?
Where did Stephen King study and what was his major?
Which award was received by Midnight's Children which followed Rites of Passage?
What is the main common interests of the Philip Novak and Timothy Morton?
Which parent organization of Get TV also owns the Galleria?
South Side elevated railroad and twin cities 400 are operated by which city?
Who had the honour of discovering general relativity?
What is the death location of William of Ockham, whose county is Untergiesing-Harlaching?
From which region is the Melon de Bourgogne?
What is the hometown of Nader Guirat, where Josef Johansson was born too?
What is the death place of Lavrentiy Beria and is the twin town of Tehran?
Who is informed by Friedrich Schiller, that has a father-in-law named Peter Im Baumgarten?
WHAT IS THE CROSSES FOR TOWER BRIDGE
What Italian ferry has the lowest weight in tonnes?
WHICH IS THE PARENT COMPANY OF SUPERIOR FORMATION OF ACADEMY FOR SPATIAL RESEARCH AND PLANNING
What is the Christian name of Henry IV of England, that is the same as Harald?
When did position held of Sebastian Coe and elected in?
What is the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team?
Which camera is different from a still camera to catch taxon parent of eukaryote?
In what country is Stanford University's Stanford headquarters?
Which city's foundeer is John Forbes?
WHICH IS THE NEWSMAGAZINE THAT STARTS WITH W
Who wrote the script to The fault in Our Stars
Name the communist party Vladimir Lenin was a member of.
What are the video games composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
Whhich is used for treatment of death cause of Madhavrao I?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
In which city does the Chile Route 68 end?
What is office contested for United States House of Representatives?
What is the central bank of Czechoslovakia?
What is the rank of the taxon parent in the Allosaurus family?
Who is patron saint of Holy Spirit?
What are diplomatic relations like between Belgium and the Netherlands?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing because of their work in Saving Private Ryan?
Which outer planet has the most flattening?
What is the name of a platonic solid, which is of the significant works of Euthydemus?
What sports team is Hope Solo a member of and how many matches did she play?
What are the aircraft model which start with the letter t
What connects Okinawa Island and Sesoko Island?
What group founded UNICEF?
What is the county seat of the district through which the Beckler River flows?
Who has created the design of the Thunderbolt?
Which is notation and the child astronomical body of Sun?
In The Indian War of Independence, what is the favorite player of the writer?
What is the current translated version of Hamlet
Who was Arthur Seyss-Inquart`s defender in the Nuremberg trials?
Which is the human time period of Three Kingdoms?
Pointe d'Aveneyre belongs to which mountain range?
Which current players once played for Toronto argonauts?
Who is the husband of the child of Emmanuel Bourdieu?
tell me American football team that home venue Lambeau Field name has the the word bay in it
Give me all female German chancellors.
Which administrative divisions of Madagascar is next to Antananarivo Province?
What is the current edition of Hamlet?
Which animated film did Hayao Miyazaki edit?
Who all are known to play the Gibson Guitar Corporation?
What is the common branch of military of Edward Joseph Schwartz and John Tower?
Which scientist is known for writing Philosophi Naturalis Principia Mathematica?
From what country did Atlas Shrugged originate, and in what language was the work written?
Who is the manager/director of BBC?
Who has starred in the amusement park attractions where Jim Dooley was performing?
What are the national anthem which start with the letter n
What are some languages in the italic family of languages?
What is bipedalism's means of locomotion?
Where can i find salad based food?
Which military unit's garrison is Pentagon and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
What is the common governing body of the Naval Air Facility Adak and Oahu Railway and Land Company?
Who are the scientists known for the Manhattan Project?
What is the sexual orientation and the sex or gender of Ricky_Martin?
What provides the services of Nintendo eShop and Nintendo Network?
To which National Association Football team does Lionel Messi belong?
What is the information appliance whose successor is PlayStation 4 and maker is Foxconn?
Janaka Thissakuttiarachchi follows what religion, which once employed Atisa Srijnana too?
Tell me the national floral emblem of Jack Cole.
Name the religious affiliation of Vagif Aliyev?
What is the occupation of William Shakespeare?
In which U.S. state is Fort Knox located?
What is the venerated in of the Abraham and religion of the Saima Chowdhury
Who are the shareholder of the soccer club for whom Steve Holland plays?
Tell me excipient whose name has the word xylitol in it.
What is Anatoly Karpov's work location where official language if Russian?
Which sovereign state is in diplomatic relation of Empire of Japan?
Which players join the Gao Ling?
Who works for Vint Cerf that has an executive director named Thomas J. Watson?
Who are the writers of The Second Coming, whose deathplace is Menton?
For which games are Sam Loyd and Eric Schiller both famous?
Who designed the bridge in Oddamavadi?
Who was the executive produce of The X-Files?
What is the organize sport of Super_Bowl?
What was the academic major of Donald Knuth and where was he educated at?
Who is the member of the as directed by the Dolores Claiborne?
Tell me about member of sports team of Lionel Messi and number of matches played?
Who was the president under which a tennis player held office before John W. Weeks?
Who is the person in the time period of Ancient Egypt?
What is the sister city of Antwerp, that has cities in Minhang District?
Kanishka held what position until when?
At what university did Newt Gingrich receive his Doctor of Philosophy degree?
Name the river with source country in Zambia and source region as North-Western Province, Zambia?
Where was Voyager 1 travelling?
Which is the pathogen transmission process of fluid?
What is the street address of the territorial administrative entity of the Arc de Triomphe?
Which is the play whose narrative location is Helsingør and contains the word hamlet in it's name?
WHICH IS THE DOCUMENT THAT STARTS WITH O
Foxy Brown was associated with which band?
Which title of Zaman Shah Durrani is also the nationality of Salahuddin?
What what is triumphal arch heritage designationed by MHC and also which starts with letter p
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrrick 
What work was Alan Arkin nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role?
WHICH IS THE POLITICAL PARTY THAT STARTS WITH V
In which city can I find both the office of Elasticsearch and the Yellow Claw DJ?
What is the bibliography of English speaker Maurice Sendak.
What is the sexually homologous and venous drainage of Clitoris?
What is the Sister City of the final resting place of Hafsa bint Umar?
Who is the host of the BBC Wildlife Specials?
Who is the player who plays for the team that has the Michigan Stadium?
Which is the twinned administrative body and the contains administrative territorial entity of Lisbon?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the associated category of people of Istanbul?
Which river starts from the county seat of Heathsville, Virginia?
who contestant of part of series of thats the guy?
Name the musician who gave the music in Tonight's the night and is also wedded to Alana Stewart?
Name the twin town of Asunción, whose prime minister is Luis Banck Serrato?
Which tenant of New Sanno Hotel is the military branch of the Gary Holder-Winfield?
Name the mascot for Iron Maiden.
List the people who influenced the comedian who acted in Good Hair?
Tell me civilization whose name has the word vandals in it.
Which metabolite has the largest mass?
Who is the film director of The Powerpuff Girls whose forename is Gennadi?
What are the United States Supreme Court decision which start with the letter v
What was the college attended by Alexander Dubcek, which precedes the Academy of Social Sciences of the Central Committee of CPSU?
After what is Marathon named and what is the current record?
Food in which countries has shallot in it?
What is the symptoms of the drug used for treatment of Migraine?
who division of teams played for of harry beadles?
Which creator of Theme Time Radio Hour has also given the musical score of the The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)?
Which is the sovereign state for the currency pound sterling?
which work place split from Pierre Puvis de Chavannes?
Which island uses the language Norwegian?
Who is Michel Houellebecq's role model, that works as a librarian?
Who is the manager of the club whose homeground is the riverside stadium?
Who is the chancellor of the university which affiliates the Dartington College of Arts?
What is it?
Conjugate base of sulfate ion?
Who replaced Charles I as monarch of England?
What is the city neighboring Giovanni Battista Guadagnini's deathplace.
Who are the sculptors of The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife whose artistic genre is ukiyo-e?
What are the common sports played by jamiatu Muslim mindanao and Polytechnic University of Philippines Taguig?
Name a conglomerate located at the Tokyo Stock Exchange that starts with letter H
who state of austria for twinned administrative body of bern?
For which movie was Emma Stone nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Who created Esperanto?
What kind of alkanol uses vinegar?
Who created the original topic of The Essential Dykes to Watch Out For?
What the heck is Navier-Stokes equations in mathematics?
Who is the production designer of Alejandro Jodorowsky?
What treatment is Neil Diamond getting for his health issues?
Which administrative headquarters of the Pulau Ubin is also the resting place of the Nicole Lai
What are the social skills which start with the letter w
What is girlfriend of music b The Globalist?
Is the ward of Thường Tín located next to a body of water?
Who became president after JFK died?
What is the branch of the politicians whose governor is Bill Clements?
Who is the TV presenter from the extended version of Lykkehjulet?
What is the circle of Cornelius Jansen?
Name a movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe released in 3D?
What is the foods traditionally associated and the commemorates of Hanukkah?
Who is the mother of William Michael Rossetti who was buried in Highgate Cemetery?
What nominations did Silence of the Lambs receive for the 64th Academy Awards?
What is the tributary of the extreme point deepest of Papua New Guinea?
What award did Carmen Maura receive for La comunidad?
What is the two-part administrative body of Milwaukee known as and where is the location of it's administrative territory.
What are the things built by Eristoff?
Was Clement I's middle name the same as Klemen?
Tell me the tungsten alloy that has an effect on tungsten carbide exposure and contains the word carbide in it's name?
Who is the master of Leonardo da Vinci, who was employed as a sculptor?
Whose families are Buccinoidea and Buccinidae?
Which person naratted The Incredible Hulk and also the writer of Tales of Suspense?
Which is the operating area for Democracy Now!?
What medicine has oxygen and a daily dosage?
What is the profession of Guillermo Lasso that is different from a bank teller
List the people residing in Wilton, Connecticut?
Which broadcast area of Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation is also the nationality of Michael Medor?
Who is the associate of Thomas Bryan Martin?
who place of filming of described by work of david levinson?
What is the hub airport of Pawan Hans, and is also the largest city of India?
Who is the mother of Hadrian?
What is the sister of the has mother of Mary of Chatillon?
Who is the founder of Wuropean School, Karlsruhe?
What is on the shore of the Atlantic coastal plain with the Barranco de Tahodio tributary?
Name a kind of detached home that starts with letter V
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Who is the manufacturer of My Little Pony?
Who is Andre Agassi's spouse?
What is the leading party in Baraily which Chandra Shekhar too is associated with?
Which country gave birth to the Lemberger LD20b and Start+Flug H101 aircrafts?
Where is tributary take place in Polynesia?
Who edited the movie The Birth of a Nation?
Where did Marvo originate?
What is informed by supervisor of Robert C. Merton?
Who is chef-lieu of Shashanka, whicg has chef-lieu of is Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad?
Who is speaker of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Which is the national anthem that is published in Cedarmont Kids and contains the word banner in it's name?
Who is the business owner of ARM architecture?
Which is the magazine that has Jann Wenner as an editor and starts with the letter r?
List the battles fought by Roh Tae-woo?
Who is from Yes, and has a Ocean in the River Thames?
Which literary work follows Exodus?
Who is the favorite player of US Army service branch?
Which was the student of Cicero?
What monotypic taxon contains the word trogloraptoridae in its name?
What is the location town of Seattle Great Wheel?
Harry Huston and Dick Spalding played their first match for which team?
name the races where bobby beasley took part?
What place is bordered by the kingdom of Castile, whose official language is Spanish?
Which rivers start from the Provinces of Zambia?
Who is elected in The Joong-ang Ilbo?
Who was the president at the time when the opponent of Benjamin Spock held office?
Name the common university of the Cardinal and Jim Wylie?
Where is disciples of Nadia Boulanger, which has location of death is Azores?
What is the protein that physically interacts with erythromycin?
At which university does Linus Pauling work?
What common team are Mikhail Pashnin and Robin Kovacs expected to play for?
What is the sovereign state of Citizenship country of Vladimir Lenin
What taxon is used to produce silk?
In which companies boards do the writers of Wikitionary belong?
List the people with Scientology as their religious belief?
Who is the inventor of Titan?
What was the biological location and cause of death of Ernst Bollden?
Who gave thefavorite player of doctoral supervisor of Elsa Boyer?
What company is the distributor of Bombay Sapphire?
What UCI Trade Team I does Bradley Wiggins play for?
Which key person of the Clinton Foundation is also the president of Edward J. Perkins?
What is the religion of the relatives of Ananda Weerasekara?
What is Hikaru Utada's label company?
List the other members of the band of which Juelz Santana is a part?
Which is the instrumentation of tuba?
Where was the sculpture Sunflowers created?
List the newspapers whose offices are situated in 1211 Avenue of the Americas?
What is the occurrence with the lowest quantity whose facet of is Wikidata?
Who are the daughters of Frank Crean?
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest time-weighted average exposure limit?
Sergei Prokudein-Gorskii died in what county within the 7th arrondissement of Paris?
which is the country for Hrant Dink that has place of death as Istanbul?
which is the replaced by for Paschal II that has position held as pope?
Which television shows has sound format as 5.1 surround?
Which newspapers are owned by companies which are under Rolv Erik Ryssdal?
Which is the professional services firm which contains the word kpmg in it's name?
What gene is genetically associated with colorectal cancer
Which terrotory of Tonkin campaign also the death bed of Thophane Vnard?
Which are the cites of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus?
Who is the daughter of Olivia de Havilland who has a craft in journalism?
What is field of exercise for affiliated with Terje Langli?
With whom is Heinz Kokott a relative to who also served Nazi Army?
Who is the founder of Mad Decent?
What is the ship with the lowest payload mass whose manufacturer is ERROR1?
Who is the male lead actor in the movie Brokeback Mountain?
List the base currency of the country whose anthem is Oj, svijetla majska zoro.
Lactic acid contains what monomer and is used to treat what medical condition?
What is George Clooney known for?
What taxon is produced by coral?
Which is the port city located in Aung San Suu Kyi.
Which cloud platform of Google cloud connect also provides services to 21Vianet?
What is Arminius' middle name in Latin script?
For what work was Gary Cooper nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor?
Which musician of Deck the Hallas awarded the nomination for MTV Video Music Award in Online Artist catagory?
What is the significance of artists of The Beatles' Story?
What sports team does Malcolm Allison play for and how many matches did he play?
What is the Biblical Magi depicted by and what is its canonization status?
What is the child body of the star of Sagittarius Dwarf Elliptical Galaxy?
From which country is Lawrence Okoye's nationality?
Who replaced V.P. Singh as Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh?
Who is the sponsor of Henry Luce?
What is the sovereign state of Oslo
What is the die form for Luigi Comencini that has the genetic association of CNKSR3?
who are some miss michigan usa?
For what work was Russel Crowe nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor?
name the region served by Jerusalem Institue of Justice which was also the conflict region in GazaIsrael?
What is the academic area of work of Viktor Bespalov?
who are starring in the movies written by Mark Sandrich?
What are the television shows whose distributer is HBO?
Give all swimmers that were born in Moscow.
To which educational institutions did Lesli Sanchez go for her studies?
Who are the parents of the wife of Juan Carlos I?
Who is informed by the advisor of Ramesh Sitaraman?
Name the cause and effect of Hepatitis.
What city in Mumbai houses millions of people?
Which is the patent medicine that was invented by John Pemberton and contains the word coca in it's name?
Tell me which train service that is operated by Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits and that contains the word express in it's name?
What award was Insaaf Ka Tarazu nominated for?
What is the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and river mouth is Indian Ocean?
Who is the child of William Jennings Bryan that has the biological sex of male?
Where is the stadium of Philadelphia Rage?
Is a truffle not the same as the species Tuber aestivum?
What is the largest city in Australia?
What is in the district of Nord-Pas-de-Calais whose member is International Hydrographic Organization?
Name the scientist whose supervisor was Ernest Rutherford and had a doctoral students named Charles Drummond Ellis?
Which politician was succeeded by someone who graduated from the Instituts d'tudes politiques?
What is Edward Snowden current job?
Who is married to a Miss Louisiana, USA?
Who created Judo?
Which is conferred by of Tony Award?
What was Gregg Toland nominated for in the 14th Academy Awards?
who replaces for Philippe Pétain has position held as Deputy Prime Minister of France?
What award did Princess Mononoke receive at the Animation Kobe Theatrical Film Awards?
Which is the country that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
Which party does Xi Jinping lead?
What are the teams for which Wilfred McDonald played for?
Which cast member from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy played the role of Ford Prefect?
Which idelogy of the Palang Dharma Party is also the faith of Miao people?
What country for Pius IX has the birth place of Senigallia?
Who plays badminton?
Where in the Province of Milan was the county seat Claudio Abbado born?
Tell me the taxon that has capsule as fruit type and starts with the letter t?
What is time of continent Thrissur?
What genre isPyChess from, which employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Which place, named after curium, is a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina?
Who is the son of Charles Lucien Bonaparte's wife?
Where does Tim Burton work and who is his spouse?
Who is Denis William Brogan's spouse?
Which citys mayor is anne hidalgo?
What is the place made Airbus A300 whose Indian reservation is canton of Toulouse-2?
Which are the grants academic degrees for Master of Business Administration?
Which is the category for people who died here of Shizuoka Prefecture?
Who is the mother of Harold Godwinson and the child of the Gunhild of Wessex?
What fictional city is the Andy Griffith Show set in
Which is the eye color of azure?
WHO IS THE FATHER OF THE FILM DIRECTOR OF HUMILIATION?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter E
what invention did the nobel prize winner in physics create?
Where did the beverages sold by Refriango originate?
What are the art museum which start with the letter wien
Which is the twin city of London?
What is the wikipedia article for the Autobahn?
Which county seat of New York City has got diplomatic relation with Georgia?
Where was the current champion of Egyptian Open born?
Which free video game has the highest amount of players?
Which are the authors of the New Testament that they profession is writer?
Who wrote the Spin Alternative record Guide?
Which is etymology of Gal having interment in Basilica of Santa Crore?
who enzyme for found in taxon of homo sapiens?
Which is the academic major for Urban VIII?
Name a former municipality of the Netherlands that shares a border with Rotterdam
What subtopic of Moscow's history contains the division called the Khoroshyovsky District?
Where is the copy of the book, Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica written by Isaac Newton?
What are some apes?
Which fork of the Nile has its orgins in Lake Tana?
What does John GIlbert's spouse do for a living?
Which is the license to broadcast to Billings?
Who gave the member of of author of Private Investigations?
What is the name of the MCU series of movies?
Which research library archives the works of James Joyce?
Who are the founders of of FERRARI?
What PhD advisor of Clifford Geertz has the significant works The Structure of Social Action?
Which computer scientist won an oscar?
what is the human name of pi?
What is the head office location of NTV whose partner town is Brussels?
Who gave the tributary of on coast of of Cape of Good Hope?
What administrative unit of Visayas has a king named José P. Laurel?
In which monarch did Li Si succeed someone?
Which is the biological database for the location of Yale University?
What is the HQ location of the Hermitage Museum whose twin town is Krakow?
what is the headquarters of Juan Dalmau Ramerez?
Tell me the presentation by Sandra Hoffmann-Ursache and where she presented.
What is the ethnicity of Luigi Pirandello, who studies the science, that is Italian studies?
What is member of the sports team of George Mikan that is position played on the team / specialty is center?
What is that has of
Who is the human for professional or sports partner of Scott Moir
Which muscle insertion is use over the rib?
What is the nationality of the David King-Wood and John Steed?
What is the home town of the Rolando Gomez is the DOD of the Clyde McNeal?
What kind of music did Lou Reed play?
Which is the Zee Cine Awards for the winner of Anil Kapoor?
What are the clade which start with the letter x
Tell me political party whose name has the word veritas in it.
What does Pinocchio appear in the form of?
Which professional surfers were born in Australia?
What is the nationality of the successor of Nii Okaidja Adamafio?
Which is the city that is capital of Austrian Empire?
What is the name of the artist which worked on the subsequent work of Ella Loves Cole?
What are the baseball teams who belongs to Guggenheim Partners?
What award did Linus Pauling receive?
whos is owner of the kiss that have members of is g20
What can indirectly cause a lock to sound like a shout?
To whom did Chrissie Hynde get married and when did it end?
Who is the founder of Alexander McQueen?
What is the death place of the Abiye Abebe and is the birthplace of the Amsale Aberra?
Also known as Richard Neutra's place of death, in what country is Wuppertail located?
CAN YOU DESCRIBE THE WORK OF DEPICTION OF DAVID SLAYING GOLIATH?
What city with millions of people has the official language of Urdu?
What is the work of Joseph Campbell and is apart from interpreter?
What diseases does psychotherapy study?
Which currency is primarily used by the company which is the distributing label of VDE-Gallo Records?
Which architect of the Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay is the branch of the Burnet R. Maybank?
Who is the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth?
What is manufactured by Asus and Sony togather?
Name the field of study where Microbiology is included and studied.
Tell me intergovernmental organization whose name starts with s
What country is Saint Martin in?
Who wrote Trishira?
Which jurisdiction of Parliament of the United Kingdom that has diplomatic relation to Malta?
What is the current translated edition of Bhagavad Gita
What is designer of ship armament in2015 San Bernardino shooting?
which class IA flammable liquid with the lowest ceiling exposure whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
Tell me the name of a single that starts with the letter w.
What is the local authority of Liverpool Institute High School for Boys?
When did the Kabul Shahi dynasties rule over the land now known as Istanbul?
Who replaces Jane Campion, the President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
Which games publishers are located in California?
Give me the name of the organization hqed at Chaeng Watthana Govt Complex?
What is the human spaceflight with the lowest apoapsis whose location of landing is Kazakhstan?
Who is associated with the musical artists from Africa '70 (band) and Tony Allen?
What is the translation of the above?
Who were the authors of Asymmetric coevolutionary networks facilitate biodiversity maintenance?
Which club did Richard Bartel play for as team manager?
What is the label of the singles whose group is Outlawz?
Name the river whose source location is Nevado Mismi and region is Arequipa Region?
Which TV show did Amanda Bynes cast in?
What was Maya Angelou nominated for at the 27th Tony Awards
where is the located in the administrative territorial entity and who is the category of associated people of Hollywood?
In what sport did Agnes Miegel receive a 1st place medal?
Which composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare has also composed The time are A-Changing?
Which humans practice the Russian Orthodox religion?
The Dijkstra's algorithm is named after which mathematician?
Who was made advisor of Madonna with child and saints?
What is the alma mater of the person, whose child is Samuel Moreno Rojas?
Which is studied by science, that studies of ocean chemistry?
What are the television shows which are in NTSC and 5.1 surround sound?
who study of sculptor of pressure volume diagram?
Who has kids with Kanye West, whose brother-in-law is Kris Jenner?
Who is the boxer?
What city replaced the capital of Tenochtitlan?
Bradley Wiggins is a member of which UCI ProTeam?
Give me all Swedish holidays.
Which is county seat active in Alexander H. Stephens?
Who is the appointer of William Cushing?
Which is the totem of Mantodea?
What is the residence and the occupation of Bryan_Cranston?
What is the film of the musical score of String Quartets, Op. 76?
Who is the child of Mahmoud Abbas?
Which is a target of Eldridge Cleaver?
What university, which includes the University of Michigan College of Pharmacy, did Edward Higgins White attend?
Which tributary of the Ussuri River flows to the right?
Where did the athlete start his career, who did his highschool in Red Lion Area School District?
Tell me tournament whose name has the word weltklasse in it.
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Name the tenant of Ever bank field which has also has player named Dan Shamash?
Name the river with mouth palce Essex and source place as Gloucestershire?
Who replaced George IV of the United Kingdom as monarch?
The people who did their high school in Palm City, Florida did their college where?
Whose labels are Victor Entertainment and Celluloid Records?
Which daughter of Apollo has a male son?
Danny Felice, the Gibraltarian guitarist is from which city?
Which county seat of Bridgetown has a member of an African, Caribbean or Pacific Group of States?
Who is married to Lyudmila Gurchenko, whose party is Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Where were Catharine, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge married?
Guess the component that results into the initiation of the automobiles
What is the common race of the Martin Molony and race of the Coneygree?
Who authored the works published in the Jump Square Magazine?
Give me all office holders who finally retired in Montpelier, Orange, Virgina?
What films has Francis Ford Coppola been the executive producer of?
Who is the singer in the series of Bone Palace Ballet?
What are the protests of the war that uses the M-84
What was Raiders of the Lost Ark nominated for at the 54th Academy Awards?
What is award received of La Strada that is statement is subject of is 29th Academy Awards?
Where is Hafthor Julius Bjornsson from?
What are Nigel Farage's political and religious views?
What whistleblowing platform did Julian Assange create?
Who are the authors of Silent Spring, which has been awarded a place in the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame?
Who replaced Miguel Díaz-Canel as the Prime Minister of Cuba?
Who gave the historic era of mountain system of Retezat Mountains?
ASEAN is an organisation located in which area of the world?
What are the political parties whose leaders have lived in the Prime Minister's House?
What member of the board of directors developed the Mac OS X 10.1?
For which work did John Updike receive the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction?
Who did Robin Wright play in house of cards?
What role did Niccolò Machiavelli play as a leader and historical figure?
What is the human being for Steven Pinker's sibling?
Who is the child of Svatopluk II's sister?
Tell me radio program whose name has the word ö3 in it.
Who owns the company that made the Edsel Villager?
Which is the automobile marque for the business division of Ford Motor Company?
What nomination for prizewinner Lester B. Pearson was received of D.T. Suzuki?
Who are the cast members of Die Hard
Which religion do the people follow, whose constituency is Jadavpur?
Name a person who was educated in Humes High School?
What games can be played in schools founded by Fr. Orlando?
Which is the General council of the legislative body of Paris?
Which is a main food source of Physeter macrocephalus?
Which of holding company has facility operator as Digby and Sowton railway station?
Who is associated to the predecessor of Dan Mica?
What is the television show whose opening theme's album is Cheers?
What is the galaxy with the lowest redshift whose constellation is Boötes?
Name the outer planet that has a semi-major axis as described in Otto's encyclopedia?
Tell me me a space agency whose name consist of the word administration and whose website account on Foursquare Labs, Inc.
How does a sunrise depict a background?
Tell me the city in Ukraine that replaces Khadjibey and whose name contains the word odessa?
which is sister birth city of Ludmilla Siim?
Which is the business with the headquarters location in Barcelona?
For what film was Alan Alda nominated for during the 21st Tony Awards?
To which settlement does Elliot Bay belong to?
Who was buried at St. Mary's Church and fought the battle of Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec?
Name an animated film involving Joe Grant that contains the word King in its name
What was the hematologist Julius Nyerere's cause of death?
List the actors of Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married?
Who has authored books published by the Perkins school for the Blind?
Name the Fox TV show judged by Rand Jackson?
Lake Tanganyika is endemic to what?
Which disease does Daniel Wayne Smith's son suffer from?
whom is in work of painting of madonna and child?
Who produced films starring Natalie Portman?
Which taxon has the largest basic reproduction number?
Which river inflow of the Cahora Bassa is also Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station's river?
With how many countries Iran has borders?
Which of Danny Elfman's works was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score?
What mass shooting resulted in the most number of injured people?
Which is the history of topic and the opposite of of Veganism?
What is the academic journal whose editor is Stephen Law?
What is the region of Kim Sawchuk?
WHICH HAS INFLUENCE OF POTRAIT OF HEY JUDE
Who are the kids of Fela Kuti whose sister or brother is Seun Kuti?
What's part of the I Second That Emotion series dubbed?
Where did the president study, whose VP was Emilio Nez?
Which religion did both anupong paochinda and udit raj follow?
Which girl group starts with the letter v?
What is studies of coined for periodic table?
Which is son who has brother of Victoria Cary?
Who is the vice president of Jared Bernstein?
Who wrote the musical based on Mary Poppins?
Which companies have more than 1 million employees?
What are on the borders of Shimsa Plateau?
What are some devices made by Taiwanese companies?
who archipelago for official language of norwegian?
What is the conjugate acid of sulfuric acid?
How do you address the head or the supreme authority of Khanka Lake?
What is the forename of John Ames Mitchell that is said to be the same as Jógvan?
What is the Class IC flammable liquid with the least observable adverse effect level that contains Carbon?
What is the main tourist attraction for the religion of the Russian Orthodox Church?
Which famous horserace has seen both Fergie sutherland and the illustrious War of Attrition?
What is the label of Exile on Main St., that was co-founded by Nik Powell?
What is the favorite player protrayed by Dead Prez's music?
Which is the Brit Humes's faculty that has been founded by Thomas Jefferson?
What is the honorary title given to Albert Gunther which was won by P.A. Buxton?
Who is the manager/director of Schutzstaffel?
What is the partner city of Antalya that is in the principal area of Omsk Governorate?
WHAT ARE THE BASEBALL LEAGUE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER P
Who is in charge of the burial place of Ebenezer Cobb Morley?
Name the designation being held accountable by John Jay while being as the United states ambassador
Who is Anna Jagiellon married to and why did she get divorced?
Who besides Hank Aaron has received the Major League Baseball Most Valuable Player Award?
Who was Bill Gates's mother?
Who was on the Apollo 11 mission?
What is the Wikimedia category for films shot in Lyon?
Tell me international association football clubs cup anthem UEFA Champions League Anthem whose their name
What oil drop experiment is the ASME Medal named for? What is the prize awarded?
What award did Yaşar Kemal receive from Günter Grass?
List all the former partners of the figure skater whose one of the former partner was Andrea poapst?
What are the hubs of PLUS Helicopter Services, a highway helicopter unit of PLUS Expressways?
Which country replaced Czechoslovakia?
Which is the honorific suffix of Sir?
What is the field of study of the journal that published Safety of enteral naloxone for the reversal of opiate-induced constipation in the intensive care unit?
Name the songwriter of Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis and has Joan Trimble as disciple.
List the people casted in Betsy's Wedding and 16 candles?
Who has Tom Cruise been married to?
Tell the name of military museum with the highest number of visitors per year whose location is les invalides?
Who is the chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard?
The Magic Flute is music composed by which artist, who has a mother named Anna Maria Mozart?
What is the asteroid with the lowest rotation period whose site of astronomical discovery is Bishop Observatory?
Who is head of state and the government leader of Tasmania?
What was Louis the Pious' noble title and who follows?
Tell me the activity that fabrication method is planning and which that starts with the letter m
What species of plants can be found in the botanical garden on the Toronto Zoo Domain Ride?
What is the musical whose music is by Jose Luis Narom, based upon?
When during the history of Turkey did the country have diplomatic relations with Argentina?
Which is the filmography for Orange Is the New Black?
Who was the stepparent of Napolean.
What is the artistic works of Isabelle Adjan?
Who is drafted by the Boston Celtics?
Whose brother painted a painting of Shiva with Parvati, Ganesha, and Nandi?
What common teams do Ramiro Pea and Bruce Bochy share?
What competitor of Alfred Dellheim is present at Helmut Kohl?
What is the name of the knife commonly used in Ancient Egypt
Who won the 1971 Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship?
What is the covered bridge with the lowest number of spans whose instance of is road bridge?
Raymond Johansen is the mayor of what city?
Which is tributary of on harbour of Rodrigues?
What is the highest mountain in Australia?
Which river originates from Cape Vincent and Kingston, Ontario?
The fugitive Kind and the Notebook of Trigorin is written by what author?
Which is the record or record progression for Strait of Gibraltar?
Joe Cocker's first name is the same as which ion?
What is the parent company of the airline whose hub is in Detroit?
Name the alma mater of Michael hahn?
What are feature film which start with the letter t
Whose units are responsible for close air support?
In which timezone does Khok Kwang lie?
What is the governor of the citizens of Barbara Stanwyck?
Which fictional character's portrayer was edited by Roger Barton?
What is the religion of the president who won the Mongolian legislative election, 2004?
What are the railroad line which start with the letter s
tell me epic poem that starts with t
Name the key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the key person is Lesley-Anne knight?
Name the programming language used to describe the dialect of Fortran.
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
Tell me house cat whose name starts with m
What is the mascot of the military unit in which Ronald Wilson served?
Rome was the capital of what former empire?
Where did Meg McGuffin graduated?
Billie Jean was on the tracklist of which studio album?
Who was the nominee for Dr. Strangelove's nomination for the Academy Award for Best Writing of an Adapted Screenplay?
Who are the relatives of Heinrich Himmler?
What is the name o an historical country that starts with the letter r.
What is the name of a tournament that starts with the letter w.
What are some common games played in PATTS college of aeronautics and Jamiatu muslim mindanao?
Who is the role model of Anthony Giddens and Baron Giddens?
We can do it replica is what?
Which is the disease the caused the death of Lou Gehrig?
Where did David Hume die?
Which is the short film that was directed by Baz Luhrmann?
Which political party is Nicolas Sarkozy member of?
Name the company whose one of the product is Pixar Image Computer and has one of the key person as Edwin Catmull?
When did Ingrid Bergman get married and who is their spouse?
What is the alma mater of the actors of The God Who Wasn't There?
What is the tribute of the shore of Faial Island?
What is the source of taxon in watermelon
Name a wizard in Harry Potter.
is ANZUS a signatory?
WHERE IS THE HQ LOCATION OF IZZY ASPER PARTY MEMBER?
What is the noble title of Charles the Fat and follows.
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
In a notable incident during the World Premiere, what is the place of Don Giovanni's first performance?
What is the musical based on the book The Count of Monte Cristo?
What is the tributary of the lake next to Honshu?
Whichis protonym of King Quail, that has taxon parent is Tetrao?
What connects to the cochlea?
What is the Location of the Dofinivka Estuary which is also the birthplace of the Liliya Lobanova?
Which US settlement has the lowest number of households?
Who was Link in The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess?
Which is the member of political party of Booker T. Washington?
Which state has the oldest Canadian diplomats?
Which is watercourse ends in of Gulf of Maine, whose tributary is Rio Miriri?
Who leads the Society of Jesus?
What single is part of hard rocks current work?
In which city does Aung San Suu Kyi live in?
What college libraries are at Yale University?
What is based on the Bangladesh Liberation War?
What award follows the Hasselblad Award received by Susan Meiselas?
What medical specialty of gangrene is a result of genetic disease?
Tell me news magazine whose name has the word weekly in it.
List some people who were opponents of someone who was died by hanging? 
Who is member of coined Köppen climate classification?
Which departments of the United Nations are directed by the UN Secretary-General?
Where do the judge advocate general corps live?
Which voice actors of series She Swill Survive?
Name the company which produces both Boeing F/A-18 E/F Hornet nad CH-46 Chinook?
What award did Cloris Leachman receive for their work on The Last Picture Show?
Who wrote the book The pillars of the Earth?
Who is a member of a subitem of the history of Montenegro?
Where does Dennis DeConcini and Scott Berkun both live?
What are the epic poem which start with the letter tambuka
What is the reason for Eddie lzzard received an award as Primetime Emmy Award for Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program?
Who replaced Donald Rumsfeld as White House Chief of Staff?
who developed google videos?
What is the Urdu language book?
Who is the Mayor of First Abe Cabinet?
What was Dan Aykroyd nominated for and what award did he receive?
What is the time difference between the US and North Korea?
Tell me the name of the Prime Time Entertainment Network's TV show whose Artist is Christopher Franke?
Which are the comics characters painted by Bruce Timm and created by Paul Dini?
Michael Dell is CEO of what privately held company?
Which band was left by Kevin Jonas?
Who is the director whom Tore Blom worked for?
Which sovereign member of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development has the lowest speed limit.
Which golf course with the highest par is in California?
What features are associated with playing on a skateboard?
What shows used to air on the channel which was earlier known as The Comedy Central?
Who is alma mater of music score by Holly Hobbie and Friends surprise Party?
Who is the human for place of death of Madrid
What is the deathplace of the rugby player who is the relatives of Anton Oliver?
Who is the author of The Gift of the Magi, that mentions the cause of death from having liver cirrhosis?
What is the parent organisation of the label Wayfaring Sons?
What is the award received and the nominated for of Gloria_Estefan?
Tell me me a association football league whose name consist of the word slovenian and whose season starts august
What part of the stomach is the venous return connected to?
Who did Alexander Fleming receive the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with?
Which college of Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush
What is in the category of Wembley Stadium?
What comes from punk rock that has twin city in Tokyo?
who taxon for parent taxon of Cactaceae?
Who were the american football players who played for Dallas Cowboys?
who single for lyrics by of Irving Berlin?
What country is The Star-Spangled Banner connect to?
What form of government does Russia have?
Where is the place of death of György Sárosi, in Italy?
What was King Arthur's given name?
Which dwarf elliptical galaxy for parent astronomical body of Andromeda Galaxy
Who is Pan's Labyrinth's make-up artist?
What is the name after Reynolds number, who is someone with employment as a civil engineer?
What is in the principal area of Bouvet Island that is also a member of the Group on Earth Observations?
Which is the category of people buried here in Amsterdam?
Steward Brand is a board member of what?
Tell me the radio network which contains the word nbc in their name and which has its headquarters located in 10 universal City Plaza.
What university starts with the letter u?
Who gave the academic discipline of music genre of František Ludvík Poppe?
What was the noble title of Charles the Fat and who was he followed by?
Who is Ali al-Haidi's nephew?
Which area of land did Frank Gehry protect?
What type of sport is jujutsu?
What musical artist is the predecessor of Gainsbourg Confidentiel?
What is the middle name of Frederick I whose nick name is Frederick?
What is the location of the Houses of Parliament?
What band has Joe Hahn and Chester Bennington?
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
Which business enterprise has highest operating income?
Which male character is played by a woman in Faust?
What is the taxonomic type of Cactaceae?
Which Drama Desk Award did Lena Horne win?
Who is the mother and child of Amitabh Bachchan?
President of Ghana is the leader title of which country?
Weimar Republic has what national anthem?
Which office holder's successor is Adrian A. Basora and child named Lori Black?
List the producer of the television shows distributed by FremantleMedia.
List all games by GMT.
What is the owning company of the bank whose parent is Sony Financial?
Which parent of Fernando Pessoa is named Joaquim?
Name a fictional character whose relative is Uncle Henry and species is Human?
Who is the film editor and director of Reservoir Dogs?
What is the partner town of the place from Tomas Cruz Martinez?
Who is the elector of Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor?
who institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences for studies of Russian?
Which award did Toni Braxton get for his work in Love,Marriage and divorce
When did single for genre of hard rock?
In Umbria, what is the electoral district?
What's the territorial entity and twinned administrative body of San Francisco?
Which is the capital of the twinned administrative body of Sofia?
What are the subsidiary entities of the loyalty of Larossi Abballa?
Which is the intangible cultural heritage status of Day of the Dead?
Which of the Fungicides that cause Ferbam exposure has the lowest explosive concentration?
What is the river that flows through Nizhny Novgorod
Where on the coast of Attu Island, is the Lluta River tributary located?
What is the location born of Lester B. Pearson with the title of head of government being the Mayor of Toronto?
What is the public library with the smallest budget?
whats the involvement of dutch east India company
Who are the cast members of Days of our Lives and when did it end?
Which political party of kumta had affiliation with Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh) 
Who is related to Barry Bonds?
Which is the parent taxon for Python reticulatus?
What do you call a citizen of Belgium?
Name a song composed by Pete Townshend.
WHICH IS THE MINOR BASILICA THAT ARCHITECTURAL STYLE RENAISSANCE ARCHITECTURE AND WHICH CONTAINS THE WORD SANTI IN THEIR NAME
Which is the jurisdiction that applies to the jurisdiction of the Member states of the United Nations and that contains the word council in it's name?
What is gender of non-binary?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
On which river are there things belonging to zambezi river authority?
Which languages are spoken in Estonia?
What is the constituency of the leader of Labour Party (Norway)?
What is librettist for Francis Poulence?
Which military commander fought his battle at Fort Gadsen?
What river ends in Indian Ocean and also starts somewhere in Zambia?
Where is Jacob W. Davis' place of death that is adjacent to Daly City?
What is member of crew cosmonaut mission of Oleg Kononenko?
Name the university with mascot as Aubie and president as jay Gogue?
What newspaper has the largest Alexa rank?
Tell me artistic theme whose name has the word theotokos in it.
Brown has what spore print color?
What are the central characters in spy kids series?
Name the office of Richard Coke?
Who replaced Albert Gallatin as the United States senator?
What is the television show which has cast member as Jason Carter and network is TNT (TV channel)?
Which science fiction show has Steven Moffat as executive producer?
Name the shortest street in Sweden.
WHICH LAGOON HAVE THE HIGHEST RESISDENCE TIME OF WATER?
Which landlocked country follows the Islam religion?
what are the boy band which starts with w
Under which archipelago does Canary Islands fall?
What is the largest city of the country which have an assembly of Plymouth Savoy?
Name the home Stadium of Kenya national under-20 football team?
What is the next lowest rank below pope?
What is the name of the building where Mukeshi Ambani reside in?
What is the automobile platform of Chiva bus?
Who is musician of prequel of of Hero?
What is the twin town of Sakie Akiyama's birthplace?
What is the island nation with the lowest marriageable age whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
Name a movie featuring Paul Rudd
What were the major actions taken by the politicians living in Gales Ferry, Connecticut?
What flammable liquid containing carbon has the lowest enthalpy of evaporation?
Tell me colonial colleges whose name has the word university in it.
What Class IB flammable liquid has the highest ceiling exposure limit?
Tell me W3C Recommendation whose name has the word xslt in it.
Name the office holder whose constituency is Noe Valley, San Francisco and belongs to military unit USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
What are some relatives of the spouse of Uncle henry from Oz?
Who is the singer of the album which has a song Me and My arrow?
Tell me spaceport whose name has the word station in it.
In what species is the generic association of Hepatitis B found?
Name some relatives of the people studied in Manurewa High School?
Which is the temporal range start of Cambrian?
who did jiang zemin replaced as the president of the people's republic of china?
Name the health related disease of psychotherapy
Which country has leaders Karu Jayasuriya and Ranil Wickremesinghe?
Which is the ethnic group of the religion of Druze?
Which river's source country is Zambia and mouth country is Mozambique?
Tell me Caroline Chisholm`s uncle job
What developed EMMS?
Name the television show whose voice is given by April Stewart and theme music composer is Primus (band)?
Who is wife of contestant of Dr. Popaul?
where did Boga originate?
WHICH IS THE ASSOCIATION OF FOOTCLUB THAT STARTS WITH W
Name the mountain range in which the mountain peak of Malatraix belongs?
Which airports does Yeti Airlines serve?
Ted Stevens was in what branch of the military until when?
What species was found to be the host of the hypothetical protein Mb0514?
What is the name of the inventor or discoverer of Messier 87 whose gender is male?
What are the music genre which start with the letter s
What was John Mills nominated for in recognition of his work on Ryan's Daughter?
What is Michael Schumacher's job title and when did he start?
Which soccer players were born on Malta?
Where in the Soviet Union did Mikhail Romm die?
Who was the mother of Archduke Franz Ferdinand?
What is the subsidiary company workplace of koo nimo?
Which currency can I use both in Kerguelen islands and French southern and antarctic lands?
What are the newspaper which start with the letter s
What employment is portrayed by Alonso Quijano?
What is the Biblical_Magi's canonization status and present work?
Name the university whose athletic department is called National Collegiate Athletic Association and has a chancellor named Nicholas S. Zeppos?
Who co-founded Jack Daniel's Distillery?
WHO BURIED THE CREATORS OF THE SACRIFICE AT LYSTRA?
Which U.S. states are in the same time zone as Utah?
Which river originate from limerick?
Name the television show distributed by Broadcast syndication and voiced by Eliza Schneider?
who Wikimedia category for category for employees of the organization of Columbia University?
What team did the players start their careers with, who right now play for Fleisher Yarn?
Who is related to actress Ishaqzaade?
What are the players whose former teams are Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts?
Which galaxy with the Eridanus constellation has the fastest radial velocity?
Who does Kristin Davis portray on the HBO series, 'Sex and the City'?
Name a movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola
What political murder involved Sirhan Sirhan?
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
who children of cinematographer of enkitta mothathe?
Who programmed Sonic the Hedgehog?
Which animal species can hear the lowest frequencies?
Quentin Tarantino is nominated for which Golden Globe Award?
Who are the daughters that were written by The Meaning of Matthew?
For which team did Cam Plante and Doug Acomb both play atleast once?
Where is the place of burial in Thessaloniki
What are the game of skill which start with the letter t
Who discovered Esperanto?
Which edition of The Raven is in Russian?
Who is the lyricist of the EMI label produced song 'Imagine'?
Which parent company of the Cornell University Press is also the alma mater of the Mario Garca Menocal?
Which film is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Where was the royal house of life partner of Stephen Tennant?
Which is genetic association of bulimia that of determination method is Genome-wide association study?
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by William Shatner.
Who was Sigmund Freud most famous student?
What award did Lewis Milestone get for All Quiet on the Western Front?
How many instance the taxon has the highest observed lifespan?
WHICH IS ARRODISSEMENTS OF COUNTRY SEAT FOE YAREN DISTRICT
Who was Louis Pasteur main influence?
Who is the son of the brother or sister of the Archduchess Maria Carolina of Austria?
What work did Dante Alighieri write or translate?
What was Morgan Freeman nominated for in the 32nd Tony Awards?
Who are the parents of Aretha Franklin?
What was the role for which J.K. SImmons received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What are the Luther city which start with the letter w
What illness did Lee Marvin die of which had symptoms including nausea?
Name the river which flows through the closest city of Mount Raimer?
What is the name of the location of death for Socrates, whose governor is Marta Suplicy?
What is in the production designer of It's a Wonderful Life?
Which the supranational organisation of the legislative body of European Parliament?
What is the highest paying job that requires a certificate op aptiude for secondary school teaching
What was proximately caused by the consequence of bubonic plague?
Which county seat is in the Indian reserve of of A Capela?
Which division is the team of Tallan Martin in?
who subsidiary company of label of deep purple?
What is the name of Napoleon horse?
List the judge of the TV show whose one of the judge is Ludacris?
Who is named for the Boltzmann distribution, who is a member of the Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL?
WHICH IS THE ESTATES OF THE REALM THAT CONTAINS THE WORD PEASANT IN THEIR NAME
What painter of Maoism died in Zhongnanhai?
Whay common comic is written by Karakuri Dji Ultimo and narrated by The Incredible Hulk?
Which is the recording or performance of Pavane, Op. 50?
Who is the person which is the employer of CBS?
Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
What is Salt Lake City's category for films shot and the associated people?
WHICH IS THE RAILROAD WITH THE MAXIMUM GRADIENT
What taxon ranked species has the shortest gestation period?
What website employs Glenn Greenwald?
What is in the administrative unit of Imo State, specifically the one who's capital city is Lagos?
What is the male version of the name Abu Bakr
Who is the creator of Quantum mechanics, and who was its creator?
Who is the musical artist of Dr. John Watson that has a forename of Roland?
What is the birthplace of Lucia Moholy. It is where chancellor Vladmir Srb is located.
What is eponym of Gödel, Escher, Bach, which has working place is Institute for Advanced Study?
What county in England shares a border with Hampshire?
What city is twinned with Sofia?
What are the nicknames given to the characters of The Wolves of the Mercy Falls?
What is the administration head quarters of the twin city of Politecnico di Milano?
What is the charger for the rebellion?
What team did J P Paris was former team of Bert McCaffrey play for?
Which company produced the car which was a new version of Daewoo's Tico?
Who is the leader member of Gil Colunje?
Which is the archaeological site for the official residence of the Parthian Empire?
Who is the manufacture for the Airbus A300?
What is the literary genre composed by Suite No. 2?
Which is the academic degree for undergraduate degree?
Tell me which automobile manufacturer is in stock exchange of Tokyo Stock Exchange whose name contains the word toyota?
Who is married to Mr. Bean?
To which political party does the successor of Radhabinod Koijam belong?
Which is the IUCN conservation status for endangered species?
What is a tributary of the Madeira River:
Which is the museum that is commissioned by the Suleiman the Magnificent?
Who is the distributor of The Birth of a Nation?
Name the subsidary of Tandem Computers which was founded by Jim Harris?
Cleopatra V of Egypt is father to which royalty?
The film Mowgli was described by what film crew member?
What is developed by of Nintendo 3DS, which has chief operating officer is Reggie Fils-Aime?
What is main food source for Teuthida?
What is Esperanto's song anthem?
Which companies work in the aerospace industry as well as in medicine?
Who is the founder of physical geography that was awarded Honorary citizen of Berlin?
Which fictional character is portrayed by Roger Barton (film editor)?
What follows and is partially coincident with Machine learning?
Give the name of the island nation with the most International Finance Corporation members
What are Dick Van Dyke's top honors?
What is Eugene lonesco of country due to place of death of France?
Where did the film director of Kala Pani die?
Who discovered Malaria?
Which chemical compound has the highest acceptable daily intake?
Which is the organization for the subsidiary of Rutgers University?
What is the origin of the musical artist whose associated band is Ziggi Recado?
What type of work is available in Seville?
Who is the mayor of Tel Aviv?
Who was on the boards of Freedom of the City and Royal Society?
Who is the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Salmonella?
Mention the place where human burial is possible in Granada.
Who was Vincent van Gogh inspired by?
Which is founded by the American Civil Liberties Union?
John Diefenbaker is the incumbent for what public office held by Justin Trudeau?
Which company owns GetTV and Hypnotize minds?
What is the birth place of Raffaele Calace, whose patron saint is Januarius?
TELL ME TRADITIONAL FAIRY TALE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD SNOW IN IT.
What is the name of the highest peak in Hong Kong?
In which races did the horses of Mon Capitaine take part?
Who are the partners of the aspect of Royal Cypher of King Edward VIII?
Who are designated as terrorist by the Arab League?
Who was in youth clubs of FC Barcelona and Newell's Old Boys?
Which company which assembles its cars in Broadmeadows, Victoria?
What award did Kanye West and Fergie win together?
What is the company name operated by Galex?
Which is developer of elliptic function, whose location of birth is Finnøy?
What is the subsidiary entities of the developed by Windows XP?
Who had the role of Lara Croft in Lara Croft: Tomb Raider?
Who is the parent agency of the maker of Novo Nordisk (United States)?
Who is the officeholder of the pope?
who has boroughs of diplomatic relation of brazil?
list some shawnee people?
Who is the city for twinned administrative body of Hamburg
Name the common sports played at Polytechnic University of Philippines San Juan and Islamic Azad University?
Name the river whose source is located in Ikelenge District and mouth in Mozambique?
List the director of The Adventures of mimi?
Nazarbayev has no apparent long-term successor. His decision hit the price of Kazakh bonds, while the London-listed shares of Kazakhstan’s biggest bank, Halyk Bank, tumbled 5 percent. The news also appeared to weigh on the Russian rouble. Moscow is Kazakhstan’s main trade partner.
What is the work of inventor Lucy?
Which stone bridge has the longest span?
What region of Veracruz is the member from?
To which company does Raymond Conner is critical to?
What award was Terry Pratchett nominated for?
Who was the discoverer or inventor of the Trapezium Cluster, that worked in the physics field?
What are some orthonychidae birds?
List down the cinematographers of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
What is Mike Myer's Producer's film?
Which is the locality of Vojvodina having a diplomatic relation of Holy See?
Of all the unitary states which are members of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, which has the highest GDP per capita in nominal terms?
Who is the spouse of the bride?
Which metropolis starts with letter K and was categorized and shot in Karachi?
What is the parent company of Viktor Yanukovych's political party?
What award did Stephen King win for Danse Macabre?
Which funicular has the smallest maximum gradient?
Where was the place of death and what was the manner of death of Reinhard Heydrich?
What country signed the North Atlantic Treaty that has a spoken language of Portuguese?
What is the subsidiary company that works for John McDowell?
what is the wives of landscape of snake dance, ruth st. denis?
Where does Roy Lichtenstein work as an assistant professor?
which is the medical speciality of murder methods of ulrike meinhof
Who is the sister of daddy Abaqa Khan?
Which company is worked under J.M.Coetzee?
What are the thoracic disease which start with the letter s
who is favorite player for sister of Ahmed Bin Khalifa Al Suwaidi?
In which team did Dave Bing and Ron Reed started their basketball career?
The Star-Spangled Banner originated in which constitutional republic country?
What is the group of associated people and the geography of the Houston topic?
Where did Stefan Raab major in jurisprudence?
What position did John Foster Dulles hold and when?
which was the place of marriage and start time of henry 1 of france was spoused as anne of kiev?
Which is the cast member for King Kong?
Who is the architect they used for the White House?
Who replaces James Bryce as Chief Secretary for Ireland?
What is the appliance build jointly by Sony and Asus?
What participants are there of Magnus Carlsen?
who leader of awards of cliff robinson?
Who is the owner of Grumpy Cat?
Which gas giant in the solar system has the biggest synodic period?
To which company is the service Nintendo eShop associated with?
Another term for Aphex Twin is Rikardo.
What medicine is used to treat leprosy?
Where was yttrium discovered that has an executive branch in the Finnish Government?
Which is educated at the University of Stuttgart?
Who were the producers of the tenderfoot?
What is the sister or brother of Xerxes whose child is Darius I of Persia?
What is the political party of Silvio Berlusconi?
Which species kept of Redwood National and State Parks?
What is the canonisation status of the patron saint of zoos?
Name the members of boards of Freedom of the City and Trinity House?
Tell me first-class city whose name has the word milwaukee in it.
What is the alma mater of the Angela Trusty and Charles Ayres?
Emmanuelle Alt is the editor for Vogue in which country?
Which is the navy for the employer of Steve Bannon?
Name the steam locomotive that is known as a tender locomotive and has the least amount of stroke.
Who designed Oddamavadi Bridge?
Who is the club manager for the team member known as Colin McDonald?
The notable work, Lolita, was created by whom?
Which line of the Vadodara Junction railway station is the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Expressway?
What is the genetic association of Sarah Kane's Paralympic disability?
Which record label signed Janet Jackson?
Who has influence of language of mod_perl?
who is student of Natsume Sōseki?
What is the etymology of Fourier optics, discovered by doctoral student, Claude-Louis Navier?
What did Franz Schubert die from where the symptom was a continuous fever?
Which daddy of starring of Sweet Little Lies?
What is the asteroid with the highest periapsis whose site of astronomical discovery is Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl?
Name the basketball players drafted by Los Angeles Clippers?
Where is the location of death of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just who is next to Le Kremlin-Bicetre?
which is the 3D film with the highest duration whose country of origin is united states of america?
what is the due to of the death cause of Edwin Kagin?
Where do the rivers from greater London flow into?
Spanish harlem incident was composed by whom?
Organization holding stocks of Galician and German wikipedias?
What is the name of the place where Jeremy Bentham died?
What is legislated by European Parliament?
In which country is there a political party whose leader is Jose Cha Cha Jimenez?
What type of government is elected in Kumta?
Hurling is practiced by which occupation?
What university did Max Marcuse attend?
Who is premier of hometown Leo Frank?
Which stadium's operator works in the Pepsi Center?
What is the name of the culture of pupil of Isocrates?
Which is the business that is subsidiary of Twitch?
What is religious text is Septuagint?
Who is rector of Moscow State University, which alumna of is Saint Petersburg State University?
Who won the Lovelace Medal and the Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Where did Nadia Boulanger graduate university from?
Who is the contestant of the famous works by John Bell?
What organization did Alexander Pushkin found?
He was 88 and had reigned for 41 years. Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV was buried on 19 September 2006 at Malaʻe Kula (the Royal cemetery) in the Tongan capital, Nukuʻalofa.
who is the child of bernie ecclestone?
Which office holder's resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has governor named Charles Willing Byrd?
The Social Democratic Party of Germany was created on the ashes of which other party?
What was Billy Wilder nominated for at the 39th Academy Awards?
Who is the illustrator and author of The Little Prince?
Who is the song producer of season two of Wilful Behaviour?
who magic spell in Harry Potter for present in work of Harry Potter?
What is taxonomy of goldfish
Which predecessor of Alexander Downer was deputy to Neil Brown?
Who replaced William Murray, first Earl of Mansfield, as Chancellor of the Exchequer?
which has has the highest sublimation temperature?
Who is the mother of Ashurbanipal?
Who has these major shrines : Emmitsburg, Maryland and Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton?
Who is replaced by James Scullin, the Member of the Australian House of Representatives?
Which sports team did Jack Kramer join and when?
Name a television channel related to Al Jazeera Media Network that starts with letter A
James Coburn was nominated for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for which movie?
Who was the person with Chris Rock when he was awarded the Lunt-Fontanne Award for Ensemble Excellence?
Which film director of Akira, has the first name Katsuhiro?
What role, Lee Meriwether, performed at Catwoman?
What is the political party in Catalonia with min number of representatives in an organization whose political alignment is left - wing?
What rugby team has the highest number of losses?
Which of the continents that Digitalb worked in, was christine rolfes born in?
Where was Constantine the Great born, and where did he die?
Who is licensed to broadcast to CBS?
Who is the owner of the FC which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What is the neighboring town where Johann-Albrecht von Blücher died?
Who is the writer for Nico Robin?
Which star is part of the constellation, WASP-13b?
what is missionary society that contains the word society in their name
Name the series of Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth?
Which is the gene for the genetic association with lung cancer?
How much did Richie McCaw score and what team did he play for?
What is the religion of the governors whose office is the Bank of Thailand?
What products does Coca-Cola produce?
What is the music series of the Discourses of Politics?
who is titleholder of nomination received of Friendly Persuasion?
Which spot came from the Ebola virus?
What is the executive body of Cyprus?
Whats characters are in The Emperor's New Groove
In which city did Nikos Kazantzakis die?
Who is favorite player of writer Relativity: The Special and the General Theory?
What was Joseph's occupation?
Where is Carmel Winery?
Who wrote the theme of the Bernstein Bears (1985 TV series)?
What is in the commune of Taraba State that is also a member of Group on Earth Observations?
Tell me Original Public Ivy whose name has the word university in it.
What is the wiki article for a list of fairy tales?
What is the taxon synonym of angiosperms?
What airport is in Los Angeles?
Which is the fictional humanoid that is represented by Iron Maiden?
What religion is Kabir Suman from?
Who replaced Luchino Visconti as President of the Jury at the Cannes Festival?
Where is the VP buried, which was served by Frederick Cooke?
List the people whose are in the board of an organization kickstarted in New York.
Who is the child of the sister or the brother of Meketaten?
What is workplace of Cnut the Great, that has diplomatic relation is Romania
Which is the deepest point in Rhode Island having tributary of Mana River?
Who are the authors of The Colorado Kid?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
Which is the country of origin and the language of work or name of Of_Mice_and_Men?
Which house did Mahatma Gandhi die in?
Which is the academic subject of the disciples of Dmitry Anuchin?
Who is died in of Patriarch Joseph, that has has districts is Yuzhnoye Tushino District?
What show has judge as Randy Jackson sculptors as Simon Fuller?
What is the list of monument at the Aït Benhaddou?
What international airport is Delta Air Lines' hub?
Who is the facet of and located in the administrative territorial entity of Assassination of John F. Kennedy?
What are the Mahavidya which start with the letter t
Who is a successor of Kingship whose parents were Julius Caesar?
Which is the country for sport of Windward Islands?
who is the stepparent of Clark Gable?
What are the components of the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which is the permanent duplicated item of famine?
what is business of euronext in stock exchange and also which starts with letter s
What are the jobs that start with letter W?
what is the represents for North Atlantic Treaty that has signatory as Dean Acheson?
which apple cultivar with highest shelf life?
When did animated feature film for voice actor of Tom Hanks?
What is the place of the Geography Club (play) which is also the official residence of the Scott Berkun?
What award did Joseph Lister, 1st Baron of Lister win?
What television show is magistrated by Harry Connick, Jr.?
who is video game publisher of safety classification and labelling of β-lactose?
What event in the Paralympic Games whose event producer chairman is Robert Steadward?
Name the islands that belong to the archipelago whose largest city is Papeete?
What are the album which start with the letter w
Tell me minor basilica whose name has the word st in it.
What is the group IB flammable liquid with min surface tension whose instance of chemical compound?
Name the winner of the FIFA World Cup match between Sweden and England.
WHICH IS THE MUNICIPALITY OF GERMANY THAT STARTS WITH W
Where and what did Hilary Mantel study?
Which is the constitutional republic for the anthem of The Star-Spangled Banner?
What is the diet that is opposite and named after veganism?
What is murder method of Fernandel, which has signs is wheeze?
What city is the county seat of Norfolk?
To which country does Peter Blay owe his allegiance?
Who are the characters of Adam and Eve?
What is the exhibition history of Pomona College?
Whose youth clubs used to participate in Argentine Primera Division?
Who edited Francisco Jimenez de Cisneros that was published at Alcala de Henares?
What is death location of Władysław Reymont, that has chancellor is Marcin Święcicki?
Who is the mayor of New York City?
Tell me United States Supreme Court decision whose name has the word united in it.
Mukesh Ambani is the boss of which company?
Who composed The Magic Flute?
What are the psychoactive which start with the letter o
Who is the human for relative of Joseph Conrad
What are the honours of Bill T. Jones whose winner is Jule Styne?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the Croatian Inline hockey team part of?
Which area is the Cremation of Role Model C.S.Lewis?
On what album can you find the song Stairway to Heaven?
What is the parent university of Purdue University?
Which multinational corporation employs Steve Bannon?
Who have children named James Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr.?
Which private Catholic school has the lowest total expenditure?
What basketball league's champion is Golden State Warriors
Which companies produce hovercrafts?
Who replaced Baibars as the Sultan of Egypt?
Tell me Musikdrama whose name has the word parsifal in it.
Which is the chief executive of builder of Jazz?
tell me recurring sporting event organizer tennis Australia starts with a
What is the track listing for the successor of Highway 61 Revisited?
Which is method of murder of music by Schubert's last sonatas?
Which colored race horses have won the Grand National?
Who is the co-founder of the university that Scott McCartney attended?
What is located around Edmonton and who lives there?
Which american football team is owned by Mark davis and is located in O.co Colliseum?
For what film did Barbara Stanwyck receive an Academy Award nomination for Best Actress?
Who are the characters in the remake of Dante XXI?
Who is the video game developer for developer of Final Fantasy
What venue was a part of Franco Baresi?
Tell me about the grand duchies located in the Weimar Republic.
Is Pinto Colvig the name of the performer who plays Goofy?
Name the work institutions of Andrew Schally?
What is epigraphy's business division?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi also provides services of Nintendo eShop?
Whose songs are Tickle Me and Viva Las Vegas?
Which famous political figure appointed william cushing, and also founded Pittsburgh>
Who are members of the group employed by Lyle Campbell?
What moon orbits Ursa Major I Dwarf?
Give me some shows related to the ones created by Russell Davies
Which program was on NBC network with executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Who is Isadora Duncan's mother?
Who is the referee for Earl Strom?
who mediatised to supersedes the service tax?
What is a polymer of polypropylene?
What is the artery of the has anatomical branch of trachea?
Which colonel has allegiance to Colony of Virginia?
Which cricket team containing the word Indian was headed by coach Mahela Jayawardene?
What is the band with previous members Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Is the state of Austria the capital of the Austrian Empire?
Who runs the capital city Tenochtitlan?
What is the genetic association of prostate cancer as determined by the Genome-wide association study?
What award did Konrad Lorenz win, and who won it with him?
Name acity whose patron Saint is Paul and that contains the word rome in its name
What country was replaced by the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which shows are from a company whose subsidiary is Viacom Productions?
Give me all commanders which had an important role in both, the Battle of Fort Stephenson and Battle of the Thames?
Who is the director of Silence?
What is Family Guy's country of origin and the language?
Which genre does the music produced by the Nocturnes fall under?
What was Jennifer Jones nominated for during the 17th Academy Awards?
What is the Country of origin of Mojito?
What sport played at Islamic azad uni employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Where was Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf born in the empire Umayyad Caliphate?
In what borough is the capital of Kolhar?
For which work Jamie Foxx was nominated for Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Tell me me a city-state whose name consist of the word hamburg and whose highest point hasselbrack.
What is the garrison of Die Welt that has municipalities in Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg?
Name the island with the longest distance from the river mouth from Oryahovo Municipality
Who has children of actor The Counterfeit Traitor?
Dan Carter plays which rugby position?
What was the national anthem of Ottoman Empire?
Who is followed by Oliver Twist?
Tell me which is the athletic conference which contains the word north in it's name?
Name the basketball player who played for Phoenix Suns and Los Angeles Clippers was his draft team?
When Nazareth Araújo won, which round of voting had the most participants?
Tell me the boy band that contains the wotd westlife in their name
Which is the national library for the archives of James Joyce?
What is the name of Tom Hanks Spouse
Who is the painter of pendant to of Vertumnus?
What is the saying that is present in the work of Satan?
Who is the head coach of F.C. Porto?
What statement is Uzbekistan is a subject of in diplomatic Pakistan-Uzbekistan relations?
Which employer of Manu Cornet has alsoe written Google.by?
Name the species of Southwest African lion?
Who won the prize at the sequel of the 1885 Wimbledon Championships- Gentlemen's Singles?
Which is the business for which the chief executive officer is Warren Buffett?
Which sports are played in the alma mater of Amitava Datta?
Who is champion of nomination received of Lila Kedrova?
Which is the second family name in Spanish name of punishment?
What is the higher taxon of resident animal species of Hellabrunn Zoo?
List the bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is bacteria?
Which education center Sidney Catlin Partrodge attended which was also the alma mater of Lisa Brummel?
What is the satellite that orbits Earth and has international in it's name?
What birthplace of Eero Järnefelt is in the County of Viborg and Nyslott rural city?
What tree is in the Quebec provincial logo?
Who is the tenant of the home stadium of Toronto Phantoms?
Who is the co-creator of the 1925 monte carlo rally?
What are the standards and the main regulatory text of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
For what award was Terry Pratchett nominated?
Which business has its headquarters located in Aachen?
Is Rio de Janeiro a sister town to Athens?
What is the military casualty classification of prisoner of war?
To which educational institutes is Samuel Isham associated to?
Name the company whose products's predecessor is Boeing Vertol CH-46 Sea Knight?
Where is the headquarters of Sigma TV
Where is the location of death of the collaborator of the Man with a Movie Camera?
What is the largest city in the country where the San Marcos River originates?
List all episodes of the first season of the HBO television series The Sopranos.
What is the Wikimedia category for the category for employees of the organization of Villanova University
List the shrines of the saint whose one of the shrine is Ponza?
List the language of Kunsten Museum of moder art Aalborg?
Which company is alumni of Robert McNamara?
What is the sister city of Tirana, that has the county seat for the 4th of August Regime?
Where does Edvard Westermarck work? His sister lives in Copenhagen.
Name the capital city Aung San Suu Kyi lives in.
Which is the Hindu deity that is in mount of Nandi and starts with the letter s?
What is the adjacent station for Oregon City?
What is the position of Alvaro Uribe in Colombia
What is the office held by the governor called?
What kind of career does Grigori Kozintsev have in the screenwriting field?
List down the commanders of Battle of Fort stephenson?
For what type of participation did Mark spitz received Olympic bronze medal award?
Who replaced Bhumibol Adulyadej as King of Thailand?
Name the river with mouth as Thames Estuary and passes through Reading Berkshire?
Who was called Rodzilla?
Name the television show whose theme music is composed by Julian Gingell and broadcasted on FOX?
What are some companies which are founded in Dallas Jurisdiction?
who is the work location of yekaterinburg?
Bridges over which rivers are made of Wrought Iron?
Which battery storage power station has the max energy storage capacity?
What is the sequel to The Matrix?
Who is mentor of music by The Steel Trap?
Which writers studied in Istanbul?
By which university is the literary magazine named Stone Canoe published?
Which Led Zeppelin single is in tracklist IV?
Which University's college sports club, represent the Georgia Institute of Technology.
In which country is the territory of Tripura?
What are some other products of the banks which makes Postbanken?
What is the location of the Warsaw Pact HQ which has wards in the Yuzhnoye Butovo District?
Where is the birthplace of Joseph Brodsky that is on the edge of the Bolshaya Neva River?
What is present in work of Zorro?
Where are the movies directed by Faisal Aman Khan recorded?
What is the location of work for Anais Nin, that's municipalities are the 7th Arrondissement in Paris?
What is the faith of the Ajith Perera and religious affiliation of the Neungin High School?
List down all the baseball teams whose team manager was a Catcher?
Give me all cosmonauts.
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in California?
The president who was in office when Lee Hyun Jae was the PM followed which religion?
Which athletics of Jaimatu Muslim Mindano is same as the genre of the Fritz Chess?
What is made from medium of olive oil?
Who owns the label that released Korn albums?
What is the allegiance of Albert Kwesi Ocran?
In West Bengal, what office does the head of state hold?
What film was John Cassavetes nominated for an Academy Award as Best Director?
What are the animated series that starts with the letter t
Who is the wife of Pierre Curie that is married him in Sceaux?
What ethnoreligious group starts with the letter y?
What is the first name of Juan Vucetich, who has the same name as Ivo?
What is the ethnicity of Linda Hogan?
What is the occupation of the Irving Chernev and Karen Grigorian?
Who did Laszlo Papp lose to?
What is the successor of the governors whose child is Levi Lincoln, Jr.?
What is studied by the manifestation of of Human_body?
Who is Theodor Mommsen's grandson?
What are the musicals whose musicians worked under Sony Music Entertainment?
What is the prize awarded for the development of C?
What daughter of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland was married to William Bentinck, 2nd Duke of Portland?
Give me the name of country of citizenship of Michael Redgrave that is end cause is Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927?
Where is Priyanka Chopra's citizenship and what is her religion?
Who are the cast members of Days of Our Lives and when does the show start?
In what country was Juan Rodriguez Suarez executed?
Who is the musician of Darth Vader?
Name the significance of county of Saskatchewan and has its category of association with Canadian people.
Name the company which produces Marionette and has key person as Edwin catmull?
Name the Wikimedia categorization for the employees of the Princeton University organization.
What was Nivelle accused of?
Who is the father of Mukesh Ambani
Who is the artist of Sings Kristofferson and also performed Milk Cow Blues atleast once?
Which comic characters were created by Paul Dini?
Who replaced Chris Watson as Prime Minister of Australia?
Name the company whose products is Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and key person is Raymond Conner?
Who was the wife of U.S. president Lincoln?
What countries participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
For Bryansk Oblast, what is the aspect of Russian literature that has cities?
The fact that Gro Harlem Brundtland was the Prime Minister of Norway pertains to what subject?
What branch is the building engineer in Ferrell Center?
What is it?
Tell me the road bridge which contains the word viaduct in it's name?
What video game has the smallest amount of players and is free?
What are the television shows whose voices is given by Mona Marshall?
Which is the constellation of Hercules?
What are some people working for the New York Post?
what party does mauricio marci like
Which one of Bai Chongxi's children, wrote Taipei People?
Name the country maintaining the diplomatic relationship with Soviet Union
What is it?
What is canonization status of the saint?
On the Churchill River what lakes are on the river?
What games are played in Protestant schools?
Who was nominated for Mr. Smith Goes to Washington at the 12th Academy Awards?
Within the Vakhsh River, where did Alp Arslan die?
Who is the songwriter of Die Fledermaus whose artistic genre is classical music?
List all the co-founders of the non for profit which have founding member as David pressman?
Which is terminus of Channel Tunnel?
What is guest of honor for Arturo Toscanini?
Which school teams are there in schools of Arlington Heights, Illinois?
Which United States single has the maximum beats per minute?
What is the Wikimedia category of Surat?
which narrative starts with v
Name the person who is responsible for the editor-ship of The Guardian
Name the person who led to the production of The Birth of a Nation
Which person has opponent Ike Clanton?
Which is the Wikimedia category of the category for employees of the organization of Harvard University?
Who is the crew member of the C-130 Hercules?
Who is the inventor of the Triangulum Galaxy who worked in the area of astronomy?
List few schools situated in Reading, Berkshire?
Who is/are the authors of The Man with Two Faces?
List the governers of Jimmie Lou Fisher?
What is the religion of the political party which is an international party of Hamas?
What is the source country of Water resources managemnt in EL Salvador is also the land of Jos MAra Orellana?
List the current members of Metro Station (band)?
List the characters of Lysistrata?
What's the name of the instrument used in clustering of scientific?
Who is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei and Ordnungspolizei?
What is the alkane with the safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response and which has the word propane in its name?
Name the street address of Rhodes-Haverty Building?
Who is the rector of McGill University?
What are the designed by and the programming paradigm of SQL?
What is the club of Perianne Jones?
What is the royal title of Louis the Pious and who followed his reign.
Of the sports commonly played at Islamic Azad Uni, tehran, which one does Jon Speelman play?
Tell me military campaign whose name has the word operation in their name
Tell me game whose name has the word zauberturm in it
What are the castle which start with the letter o
Who are the kids of Vsevolod the Big Nest whose location of burial is Dormition Cathedral?
Who is the parent of FD Roosevelt JR?
What is Babirusa's taxon parent's taxonomic rank in the tribe?
What is member of party of Normandy landings?
What is the original language of work for Sinhala?
Wha television film miniseries has the most episodes?
Racial discrimination differs from xenophobia in some crucial ways, name another related action which differs from xenophobia.
Which president of William Eustus also married to Dolley Madison?
Who received the X-Men top dog nomination?
List the relatives of Lyubov Dostoyevskaya?
Which is the shape of dome?
What is the academic subject of Michael J. D. Powell's recognition title?
Which is the gene for the genetic association of schizophrenia?
Who is the relative of Jim Farley (businessman)?
What genre is the score of Inazuma Eleven GO vs. Danbōru Senki W in?
What are the names of Keira Knightley's sibling and father?
Mention the horse used by Robert E. Lee during mounting.
Who has official residences at Beverly Hills and Colts Neck Township?
After which scientist who worked in Scuola Normale Superiore was initially named the femtometer?
Who was the main actress in Guiding Light?
which is the class IB flammable liquid with the highest combustion enthalpy whose instance of is monohydric alcohol?
Who is the voice dubber of the Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Bucks series?
Who gave the specialism of aspect of of atmospheric circulation?
What year did Ruth Benedict receive her PhD?
Tell me the region of the Czech Republic that is the twinned administrative body of Hamburg.
Give me a list of all trumpet players that were bandleaders.
Which is the school that operates the DC-3?
What republic was the Indian Independence movement a significant event for?
What award did John Briley win for his work on the movie Gandhi?
Which domain's journals did Willard Fiske edit?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves?
Which is the legal form of sole proprietorship?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Who was Herbert von Karajan employed by when he was replaced by Paul van Kempen?
In the Grand Teton National Park, what is located in the protected area?
What is the findspot of dysprosium, which was divides into the 1st arrondissement of Paris?
Which races has the horse bred by Jacques Van't Hart participated in?
What software uses Hebrew language?
Who is Peter's mother-in-law?
What city in Bilbao has a twinned administrative body?
tell me island starts with z
Who is the current federal minister of finance in Germany?
What federation has the highest median income?
Which is connected with the Iberian Peninsula?
List bacteria whose order (taxonomy) is Bacillales and domain is Bacteria?
Which is the child and the place of birth of Ashton_Kutcher?
Tell me the male organ that has lymphatic drainage of the Lumbar lymph nodes and contains the word testicle in it's name.
Name the ancient civilization that gave us the public holiday Saturnalia that starts a A
Which bank has the most assets under management?
Which is participating teams of FC Bayern Munich?
Who gave the subsidiary of previous is of Académie des Beaux-Arts?
What was Anthony Perkins nominated for in his work in Friendly Persuasion?
Which are famous books of Maurice?
What treatment is given for signs of hydrogen fluoride exposure
Which work institutions of the Andrew Schally is the alma mater of the Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa?
Bucharest is the capital of which country?
Who replace Boniface VII that was a pope?
Which is the legal medicinal status for prescription drug?
Which venues are located at places governed by John Roberts?
Which university attended by Franklin W. Olin was also the alma mater of Patty Lin?
What is the nation of the speedway league where Ikaros Smederna played?
List down all the associcated musical artist of the artist of In a Word or 2?
Who is the film for country of origin of Russian Empire
Who was Michael Faraday's teacher?
In what division is the service operator of Airbus A380?
Where is deathplace of Louisa Lawson, which has queen is Bill Hayden?
WHO PLAYED THE SUCCESSOR OF CALL OF THE WILD?
What was founded by pina Records which has name of Geography of Puerto Rico?
Which birthplace of Liliya Lobanova is also the location of the Snake Island?
In which location Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff works at?
In what area does the Rideau Canal join the Ottawa River?
Was Natalia Molchanova born in the Bashkir Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
List the softwares which runs on Microsoft Windows and has license as Software as a service?
Which university has chancellor as Nicholas S. Zeppos?
Who is the distributer of Rev?
What are some important people in NGOs headed by Donna Shalala?
Who is the historical country for replaced by of Western Roman Empire
Which political figures were awarded Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
tell me german nationalism starts with n
What is the place of burial and the place of death of Joseph_Smith?
Which television show 's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and written by Erik Jendresen?
What are the places of death and burial of Stonewall Jackson?
What island nation has highest marriage age?
What is the bilingual inscription of Egyptian hieroglyphs for writing system
What famous politician died in the Petersen House?
Name Pierre Trudeau's baptismal name akin to Filipe?
Who was the operator of the Airbus A320?
Name the island closest to the river mouth.
Tell me the race horse whose name starts with t
What is the international organization for World Bank?
What is used to save Jonah Lomu from murder?
What is the raising agent with the highest sublimation temperature whose topic's main category is Category:Carbon dioxide?
What award was Jean Umansky nominated for in Amelie?
What is the place of interment, with twin cities of Tel Aviv, of Mae West?
Which workplace of the Michael M. Sears is also the governing body of the Burro Flats Painted Cave?
Montevideo is the capital of what state?
What university is located in Karachi?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica (2011)?
What is established by the party of José Orlando Cáceres?
Who replaced H. H. Asquith as Secretary of State for the Home Department?
What state does Mobutu Sese Seko proside over
What is the son of Ja'far al-Sadiq whose sister is Asmaa Bint Jafar?
Who is the prime minister at admin HQ of the International Ice Hockey Federation?
What takes place in the fictional universe of The Walking Dead?
What is the genetic association of impotence that is determined by TAS?
Where did Georges Wolinski and Judson Huss die/
What is the new position for Yahya Khan who once held the position of Minister of Foreign affairs?
Which is the tracklist for A Day in the Life?
Show me hiking trails in the Grand Canyon where there's no danger of flash floods.
Which car manufacturer is located in Barcelona?
Who is Carl Gustave Jung's spouse and what is his start time?
Who is in the administrative territorial entity of Tbilisi and when is the end time?
Which music albums contain the song Last Christmas?
Which municipality with town privileges in the Czech Republic has the highest mean age?
what is genre of music of portrayed by ghoomar song?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has maximum partition coefficient water/octanol?
What is the serving railway line of Warwick railway station, Perth?
Who directed the haunted house and alice in wonderland?
Give me the grandchildren of Elvis Presley.
What significant event in Jeff Bezos's career started as an accident?
Which human Go player, has the minimum EGF rating?
What historic era of the Roman Empire is named after the diophantine equation?
Who replaced Thomas Henry Huxley as the President of the Royal Society?
What thermal power station in Russia/the Soviet Union has the smallest capacity?
Which planet was discovered by Johann Gottfired and Urbain Le Verrier?
what is the determination method of Genome-wide genetic association study in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
Who is the human for replaces of Ayman al-Zawahiri
Who are the major stockholders of the bank which is the company of Bloomberg Markets?
What are the recurring events which start with the letter w
Which sitcoms are made by a company headquartered in NYC?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
NAme the emplyer for whihc Manu cornet has worked and also written in Google Web Toolkit?
Which is the category for employees of the organization of the National Autonomous University of Mexico?
Which politician's constituency is led by the SF Board of Supervisors?
Which is the category combined topics of the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao?
What is the incumbent of the Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 and also the president of the Ann Lewis?
What is the featured work or depiction of The Sacrifice of Isaac?
who are all the people who have managed the England's under 20 soccer team?
For which movie was Christian Bale nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
What was the noble title of Lysimachus, the successor of Demetrius I of Macedon?
Which country's engineered have studied at Aero Klub in Wroclaw?
What is the location of birth of Jose Maria Aznar which also bordered by Las Rozas de Madrid?
Who has written the mary poppins musical?
What is the outcome of summer Olympics 2012 opening ceremony at Kenenisa bekele?
Who is the godparent of François Fénelon?
Tell me me a economic union whose name consist of the word european and whose executive body european commission
Name the taxon with the longest subclass of HIV?
What part of Ireland's history includes the Nuclear Suppliers Group?
What is the set location of the rules of the game?, What is it bordered by? I it Levallois Perret?
What is the dwarf planet with the lowest argument of periapsis whose instance of is asteroid?
According to the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act of 1927, what is Christopher Lee's country of citizenship?
Which female organ is the counterpart to the testicle?
Who is appointed by Pius VI?
What is the work by teacher Jesus Christ?
What is the asteroid with the highest longitude of ascending node whose site of astronomical discovery is Vienna Observatory?
What is the transfer location for Tokyo International Airport?
Who is the prime minister of Mannheim who has taken part in the 2009 Germain presidential election?
Where did the conflict take place in which Henri Putz fought?
List the alma mater of the person who is wedded to Sissela Bok.
Which human has the highest EGF rating?
What is George Blanda's speciality as a member of the sports team, Oakland Raiders
What made Jon Speelman and Eric Schiller famous?
What structure is near the Sydney Harbour Bridge?
Which city in Belgium shares a border with Bruges?
Who studied in universities located in suburbs?
List the saints venerated in Islam having major shrine as Tomb of Joshua?
Provide a programming language that contained the word zpl in their name used for array programming paradigm.
Who are the voice actors in season 9 of television series American Dad?
Who is the developer of Montecito Inn?
What is the history of the country of Israel?
To which uni. did sidney c patridge and cyril hume both once went?
What maintenance is connected with Tochigi Prefecturual Road Route 175?
what is historical country of monarchy of basic form of government and also which starts with letter sultanate
Who was the winner from All in the Family that received the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing - Comedy Series?
Which female actress is the voice over on South Park and is employed as a singer?
What prize is awarded to the family member of Ferenc Molnar?
Where does the jurisdiction of European Border and Coast Guard fall?
How was the murder method of Wilfrid Laurier treated?
Who is the writer of the prequel Girls Under Pressure?
What US company has the highest net profit?
What are the legal profession which start with the letter s
What twin city of Buenos Aires did John Nevil Maskelyne die in?
Name the scientist who become the part of Royal Society and had academic advisor as Karl Ewald Hasse?
What is the national flower of the territorial entity of Yukon?
What is contains for kiel?
TELL ME WHICH IS THE MONOTYPIC TAXON STARTS WITH T
Which nomination did Geraldine Page receive for her work in You're a Big Boy Now?
Why is the higher taxon of platyrrhini often confused with the monkey?
What is the debut team of the american football player who studied in North Fort Myers High School?
What is the Recorded of the Kaptaan is also the headquarters of the Orient News?
Who owns the bank where Fabio Mercurio works?
Who are some authoritative persons on the matter of Megabalanus concinnus?
Name the partners of Kelly Brook?
Tell me recurring event whose name has the word worldcon in it.
For what work was David Mitchell nominated for the Guardian First Book Award?
What is the historic region of Thessaloniki located on the ground?
Who is the discoverer of the Iron Curtain and had political office held as the First Lord of the Admiralty?
What are the sex and the occupation of Merlin?
Who is the son of master Lou Harrison?
Which edition of Oedipus Rex is in the language of Catalan?
What is presented by present Ben Wizner?
Which artifacts are written in hieroglyphics?
Which company had built the rockets launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17?
Who gave theportrayed by of fork of of Can't Help Falling in Love?
Which is the medication that is found in taxon of Homo Sapiens and contains the word tyrosine in it's name?
List the countries through which European rout E39 and E8 passes?
Who designed Structured Query Language?
Which draft team od Dale Mitchell is also the tenant of Master Card center /
Name the spot of neon that has diplomatic relation in Denmark.
Name the common distributing label of the Chinga Chang Records and StandBy Records?
What is Fidel Castro's communist party for the member of the political party.
Name the death location of John X, which has a twin town called Cincinnati.
Which is the language of work or name for Old Church Slavonic?
What is the 24 Hours of Le Mans entry with the most laps completed whose sponsor is Bentley?
Which country contained the library of the Roman Empire?
From where did Ben Wilson (American football) do his highscool?
Who was member of the board of the directors and developer of Mac OS?
Who is the record producer, who also has work as a structural engineer, of Scooby Doo?
What is the official residence of Sarah Kazemy?
What countries used Solidus as currency?
TELL ME THE SIGNS OF LYME DISEASE TREATMENT?
Name a city located next to the Rhine river that contains the word  mannheim in its name
What is solved by divergence theorem whose the teacher is Dmitry Ivanovich Zhurasky?
TELL ME PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD XL IN IT,
Which is the significant drug interaction for cocaine?
What is allegiance of Mughal Empire?
Name a movie with Omar Sharif
What railway company operates the Gotthard Base Tunnel?
WHO IS THE MEMBER OF THE PARTY THAT PHILIP ROTH INFORMED?
Who is the human for family of Akhenaten
What is Morocco's diplomatic mission?
Which the subject has role and the location of discovery of Iodine?
Who was married to Ruhollah Khomeini and when did the marriage end?
who cation for conjugate acid of water?
What son of Aminah is married to Umm Salama Hind bint Abi Umayya?
What country uses renminbi as its currency?
WHICH IS THE VOTING ROUND WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF BLANK VOTES
Which software has been published by Mean Hamster Software?
Name the species of Liger?
Where was Kristen Stewart born and where is her citizenship?
What location is Beauty and the Beast set in, that is a rural city in the Midi-Pyrenees?
What is the birthplace of Rudolf Koegel?
Does Bonar Law have any genetic association to ADH1B? and can you die from it?
List the affiliation of Indian general election, 2004 (Andhra Pradesh)?
Which historical country is Achaemenid Empire the capital of?
What is the genetic association of dental caries?
What country has the word States in its name?
What are the signs or symptoms of hydrogen sulfide?
What have some US citizens died of?
What is a cause of death that begins with the letter p and can be found on a CT scan?
What taxon is methanol found in and what is its role?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation is in Washington, D.C.?
Which of the chemical compounds with an active ingredient of Qutenza has the highest Scoville grade?
Which football players currently have their contracts with Stoke City F.C.?
What French work has the most parts of a work of art?
What is the nationality of the entomologist who is a renowned authority of Smerinthus saliceti?
Which band contains the word u2 in their name
Which is the taxonomic type for Papilionidae?
What is in the category of Thomas H. Ince?
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
What are the Greek deity which start with the letter Z
Who have been the manager of national team of Spain?
In which series do I find Minbari species' characters?
Which governer of Winston Bryant is the president of Joseph Stiglitz?
Name the barred spiral galaxy with highest redshift?
Which homo sapien is a lectotype?
What is the reason for John Williams' nominations for Jaws?
Tell me the Hindu deity that has armament in Trishula and contains the word shiva in it's name?
What team did Joe Porter and Eddie Anderson play for?
When did educated at of C. Vann Woodward and academic major?
What is elected in Edmund Barton, the Member of the Australian House of Representatives?
Matthew kane and Park rankin are citizens of which country?
What chemical compound is used as a drug to treat anthrax?
Who are the authors of The Republic, whose school is Platonism?
Who is the general manager of the Chicago Cubs?
Name the office holder with associate as Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus and has a kid named Augustus?
where is administrative headquarters for perpetrator of Battle of Ankara?
Who is the discoverer of runes that has a girlfriend in Gunnloo?
A solid is what phase of matter?
Is Etruschi the city of culture?
Who is the sibling and the child of Vlad_the_Impaler?
who is daddy of movie director for Valentine's Day?
List the places where the relatives of Mark Donaldson died?
Who is the attributed creator for Auschwits Album?
tell me steroid hormone that starts with t
Who is the narrator of Derek Jacobi?
Who made the singles on the famous album Aida?
Name an award in the communications field.
What are the Languages of Zabbaleen?
Which municipal election which featured at least one Centre Party Candidate had the most eligible voters?
What award nomination did Nick Park receive for the 66th Academy Awards?
Bridges over what can carry vehicles?
Which sister from the Olympias, has the Christian name Alexander?
What is the employer of ASUS?
What award did Annie Hall receive that Woody Allen won?
What are the mausoleum which start with the letter z
Show me the book that Muhammad Ali wrote.
To which party do the politicians who died in Delhi belong?
What TV production company starts with the letter t?
What position did Sebastian Coe have and why did he stop?
What is the Christian name of Vasco Núñez de Balboa, that has language of website is Portuguese?
What is the river whose source is Lake Ontario?
Which role model is contestant of The Black Dahlia?
List the prospect team of Robin Kovacs?
Who was killed by Constantine the Great?
What is anatomical branch of bronchus?
What is the strain with the lowest maximum viable temperature whose biosafety level is biosafety level 1?
What is the head quarters of Interpol whose forefather is Saint-Rambert-I'lle-Barbe?
Whose resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has kids named John Scott Harrison?
What city is the residence of Cheryl Teigs?
What president edited the Garcia Report?
List the companies operating in Australia?
What is operating system for game engine of Agatha Christie: The ABC Murders?
Who died in Rome?
What is the company which has Raymond Conner and Dennis Muilenburg as key person?
In which time zone is Pong Pha?
Who are the producers of the movies which has music by Gary Chang?
which mosque starts with s
Name an archaeological artifact that contain the word rosetta  in its name
Who is the chairman of Winston Field?
Space Invaders is the developer of which video game?
Who is the curator of São Paulo Museum of Art?
Which District Councils of Hong Kong has the largest number of Constituencies?
Where does Kafue and Shire river flow into?
To which students did Ernest Rutherford advised to?
What was Cate Blanchett nominated for her work in I'm Not There?
Name a magazine that has a minimal amount of readership?
What is the partner spouse of Brigitte_Bardot?
What is the death place of Vera Kholodnaya, that partner city is Haifa?
What are the type of sport which start with the letter W
When and where did Rajinikanth marry Latha Rajinikanth?
The biological process of learning is what?
What are the mountains in the Sequoia National Park?
Which is on shore of of Conakry, that has tributary is Ribeira da Janela?
Which journal published Zoopolis
List the colonel with branch as Militia?
What is stoicism?
For which work did Carlos Ruiz Zafon receive the Crimezone Thriller Award?
Which river does the Brooklyn Bridge cross?
WHO THE DUBBER OF RUKH FROM WORK?
In which country is Beijing?
What is the sea connected to Oulu and Turku?
What are the capital cities that start with letter W?
For what work Ellen Burstyn has nominated to Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which organization act as subsidiary to OECD?
In which countries have the Start + Flug aircrafts originated?
Who is the member of Robert Trivers, that have ideology of black nationalism?
Which is the male given name for the language of work in Russian?
Which prize received by Martha Graham, has another one of the winners named Lynn Fontanne?
Which sports are played in the school which runs the Fr. Agnel Stadium?
What's buried at Jean Pierre Boyer's on the street?
Name the TV shows with network as NBC and company as Paramount Television?
Where in Europe did Thomas Nashe die?
What what is American football team home venue Soldier Field and also which starts with letter c
What are some magazines whose publishers are themselves Rock and Roll Hall of Fame members?
What theater is operated by the University of Toronto?
What is place served by transport hub for Fairbanks?
Tell me album whose name has the word wall in it.
What are the cause of death which medical examinations are computed tomography and which contains the word pneumonia in their name
What  character role  has  cast member  as  Ryan Moloney  for  Neighbours ?
Give the name of the managers of England national under-20 football team and England national under-21 football team?
Who is the person whose child performed with Tony Bennett?
What are the words by My Old Kentucky Home whose career is lyricist?
Name a codex written in Old English.
What is major event of participant event of Jim Clark?
Mention the doctoral disciple of Janet Yellen
What is the political party of the Satish Kumar Sharma which is also the political party of Manthena Venkata Raju?
What is the municipal corporation for the capital of Karnataka in India?
What is the Irritant with the highest electrical conductivity whose instance of is Class II combustible liquid?
What is  participant of  the  award received  of  Larisa Latynina  is  Olympic gold medal ?
Where is the filming location and the narrative location of Forrest_Gump?
What is it?
What is the name of the person who has relations with Dionne Warwick and Gary Garland?
If Margaret Grubb's daughter has a child, what is it called?
What is the name of Richard III of Englands' sibling
What is pollinated by Coleoptera?
Which country did the prime minister belong to who was served by Thanong Bidaya?
What major event happened to Alfred Doblin and were did it happen?
Tell me the award created by Academy of Television Arts & Sciences and that contains the word award in it's name?
When does the National Hockey League season starts and what is its sport?
What does the business Minigun produce?
Who are some US colonels?
Name the branch of Carroll E. Lanier?
What is the second track list of Dschinghis Khan (song)?
Who is employed by Gerhard Gentzen?
Which tennis players live in Kenthurst, new south wales?
Which TV show's executive producer is Douglas Netter and composed by Stewart Copeland?
What is that something which made Breann McGregor famous, and Frank Thorne received as an award?
Which republic has the highest retirement age?
Which country housed the Indian Independence Movement?
What are the anatomical structure that contains the word vagina in their name
Who replaced the position held by Bill Clinton as President of the United States?
Which plant taxon in botanical garden is located in of Gao Gao?
What Wikimedia article lists Paris monuments?
Which means type locality (geology) onforsterite?
What type of music is developed by Monopoly Star Wars?
For which work did Jean-Louis Trintignant receive César Award for Best Actor?
Tell me about the history of sovereign India.
Name the ship that the Dutch East India Company manufactured?
Who is Katie Ledecky related to?
What award did Leymah Gbowee receive in 2011 related to the Nobel Peace Prize?
What field of employment is Kōtarō Yoshida in?
For which team does hunter pence play for?
Name the sibling of Jon Voight
Which incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign wass also the president of Mike McCurry?
Which wiki with script conversion has the largest data size?
What actor plays Professor X in the film X-Men: Apocalypse?
What is the major shrine of Jacques-Dsir Laval?
Who is the mayor of the capital of French Polynesia?
For what work did Judy Blume win the Dorothy Canfield Fisher Children's Book Award?
What nation has shires of Mikhail Gorbachev?
Which administrative centre of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia?
Which landlocked country has the highest GDP PPP?
What is the derived from of the from work of Detective Lemieux?
Where in Italy was Carla Bruni born??
Who reprinted the Death of a Salesman book?
In the consort of Myrna Loy, what is the service branch?
List down the prime ministers of Peter Thorneycroft?
Which is the league level below the Premier League?
What is the award first described by the Manchester Small-Scale Experimental Machine?
Who served a vice president buried in United First Parish Church?
Which ortholog gene is associated with INS?
Tell me what work Helen Miren was nominated for?
List the debut team of the baseball player who born in Houston.
What is the common party of Chandra Shekhar and Govinda?
What is the royal house of the manager of the Order of Saint John Bailiwick of Brandenburg?
Which family member of Luca Signorelli is a writer by profession? Name the family member of Luca Signorelli who is a writer by profession. Which of Luca Signorelli's relatives has a career in writing? Who is the relative of Luca Signorelli who has a career in writing?
What is the affiliation of Vanderbilt University Medical Center?
The players born in Bellaire, Ohio have played for which team?
To which country is Svetlana Navasardyan from?
What region is the branch of Harran University in?
What kind of oil was used in the portrait of Vista geral do Centro S. Paulo 103?
What single followed Unchained Melody?
Where is the human place of birth in Thessaloniki?
Who is in the administrative unit of the South Khorasan Province? Who has administrative divisions in the North Khorasan Province?
What activity of Irini Rodnina has the twin city of Krasnoyarsk?
What is the twin city of Casimir III the Great's death place?
Name the sharehoders of The National Herald?
What academic supervisor of Al-Shafi'i, encompasses a similar religious affiliation as Sunni Islam?
Which insecticide has the highest decomposition point?
Genghis Khan's family is part of what dynasty?
Who contributed to the published works of El Mundo?
which annual event starts with t
What is the mascot of alma mater of John O Moseley?
Name some basketball players who have played for chicago bulls?
Tirana is the largest city of which country?
What award did Piero Gherardi receive when he scored 8 1/2?
WHO INFORMED THE HUSBAND OF MARY PRIESTLEY?
Who has the highest Elo rating?
Who created the comic Captain America?
What was the award that Gerald R. Molen received for Schindler's List?
Who are the writers of the prequel to No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach?
In what tv shows did Jason Carter act?
What did the cinematographer of Jim: The James Foley Story slaughter?
What is the citizenship of Saima Chowdhury?
Give me the characters who last appeared in Star Wars Episode 3
What currencies are prevalent in the countries governed by the President of France?
Which muscle becomes dislocated because of a congenital diaphragmatic hernia?
Mount Rushmore is in what mountain range?
Who is character of portrayed by Sythians?
Where did isabelle caro and judson huss both die?
Which is the tributary in the coast of Pico Island?
Which is characters of software framework Civilization VI: Rise and Fall?
Mention the person responsible for heading the chairperson-ship of Social Democratic Party of Germany
Tell me military order whose name has the word saint in it.
Where does the network cofounded by Seewoosagur Ramgoolam air its shows?
Who was the illustrator for The Little Prince?
What is the significance of the sons of Richard Wilhelm?
where and what did Zaha Hadid study?
What is the district of the city with the MAX(number of houses whose instance of is district of the city?
Which is the country of Iloilo City?
What is the origin of AIESEC, that borders Ans?
Name some politicians buried in a place near Orange Virginia?
Name a business subsidiary of Nissan
Which is influenced by Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling?
Who gave the member of crew of of cosmonaut mission of Scott E. Parazynski?
Who founded postmodernism?
which institution that starts with the letter r
What is the programme format of WWTR?
Who is the top dog of the nominee for Willie Nelson?
who coach of player of Simone Biles?
What is the draft team of Bob MacMillan?
What genetic association caused John Gotti to die?
What is the real person website account of Youtube?
What is the parent company of those who work at Roberta Bondar?
Laozi has authored which books?
What is the name of Mary's divine child?
Which TV show's writer is Erik Jendresen and distributor is HBO?
What position Howard Schultz held on Starbucks?
What is the safety classification and labelling of the occupational carcinogen that starts with b?
For what work was Judy Garland given the Grammy Hall of Fame award?
Which veterans served at CBS?
dorothy gale has a pet
Which administrative unit is adjacent to Clementi, Singapore?
Which city is the capital of the Austrian Empire?
Who is the leader of Qantas?
what is the length of the coastline of norway?
Who is including my son?
Name a movie whose costumes were designed by Theoni V. Aldredge that contains the word ghostbusters  in its name
Who replaced Benazir Bhutto as Prime Minister of Pakistan?
What is the gender and sexual orientation of Stephen Fry?
For what was Robert Downey, Jr. nominated for relating to his work on the film Chaplin?
Who is affiliated with Harvard University?
What are the event sequence which start with the letter w
What Peter Finch is nominated for at 44th Academy Awards?
What type of fuel does Blue Origin make?
What character role did Michael Damian play in The Young and Restless?
What was the controversy between Alerding v. Ohio High School Athletic Association?
who sister city of location born of Shawn Stasiak?
Mention the citizenship of Czechoslovakia
Who is the owner of Facebook?
Who is the daughter of Louis IV, Holy Roman Emperor, that has a brother named Agnes of Bavaria?
What is the largest city in america?
Who is related to Kate Spade?
Who is the son of the brother of Murray Guggenheim?
Who is the inventor of the anatomical location of sinoatrial node disease?
Silk is produced by which taxon?
For what reason Gene Kelly was in nomination for Anchors Aweigh?
Who got the Asian Film Awards of Takeshi Kitano?
What is the name for cauchy stress tensor, that has as employment the physicists?
Who is the followed by Communist Party of China has chairperson as Zhao Ziyang?
what did sub-orbital spaceflight mean for the mission that the crew member Alan Shepard was a part of
Which is the combination classification for Chris Froome?
Who was killed by Alexander II of Russia as the manner of death as homicide?
Which company's cars are assembled in Colombia?
Who created the Women in the Garden and also the L'Enfant a la tasse?
where did mecca locate in time zone and locate in the administrative territorial entity?
Where is the birthplace of Goethe?
What is the genus with the highest chromosome count in the taxon rank?
What combustible gas with the highest IDLH exists in humans?
Who is the subsidiary company make the maker My Little Pony?
Who gave the stockholders of builder of EMD GP39-2?
who were the grand children of king on main street?
who country for head of government of mauricio macri?
Which is the commander of of Pyotr Bagration?
Which is original network for ARD?
who standards setting organisation of language of Pivot?
Name the TV show distributed by Broadcast Syndication and is broadcasted by comedy central?
Which fungicide has the highest electric dipole moment??
Where is the Acropolis of Athens located?
What is the forename of Jan Švankmajer, which is known for its frequency of first names in the Netherlands, 2010?
Which is the category which is related to the list of Kassite dynasty?
Tell me who directed The Night of the Headless Horseman?
Who is the actress in Cotton Comes to Harlem?
What medical conditions does amitriptyline treat?
Who is the publisher of the comic, one of whose authors is Kentaro Takekuma?
Who is the professional or sports partner of Madge Syers?
What type of student role model is Octavian Angheluta?
Who is doctoral student of James D. Watson?
Where did Natalie Portman go to college and what was her major?
Who was the vice president under which elizabeth alexander served?
Which national association football team occupies Wembley Stadium?
Name the republic with the highest fertility rate?
Who are the people which ITV(TV network) has employed?
Which measn cover artistfor David Copperfield?
Name the river whose source mountain is Baikal Mountains and mouth location is Arctic Ocean?
Which edition of Othello is this?
What is the diplomatic relation of Ireland, that has people of Chinese Canadian?
Who is the play for depicted by of Richard III of England
Can you name the species of omnivore with the longest observed lifespan?
What represents the artwork of Donatello?
Which player has consequence of Serbian Nationality?
What is Peter Gabriel's record label?
Which team did Bill Murphy and Jean Segura play for?
Who produced The Birth of a Nation?
For which work did Omar Sharif receive the Cesar Award for Best Actor?
Erythromycin is used to treat what disease the most?
What are the television shows whose starting music is composed by Ron Grainer?
What place was Oliver Hazard Perry born that has a diplomatic relation to Chile?
Which famous person is born in Marlboro Township, New Jersey?
Which series was written by Eric Jendresen and John Orloff?
What is the musical genre of Jefferson Airplane, a group co-founded by Emile Berliner?
Do you know who the father of the most famous human of the 1800's, Pablo Picasso is?
What diplomatic ties exist between China and Eritrea?
What is the meaning of the Isa (name) which is also a relegion of Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok)?
What caused the Great Irish Famine?
Where did the office holder who is predecessor to Marco Aurelio Robles died?
Which is the semi-automatic pistol with highest caliber?
Which company in Russia has the lowest total equity?
What is the significant landmark in the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
Michael Dell is the CEO of which of business organisation.
Which bank has the most total equity?
Who created Family Guy?
who is film producer for part of series to Make Two Hearts?
For which reasons have the ones born in Edinburgh, died?
Which brother or sister of Artemis has a kid named Hymen?
Who is the author that wrote the Discworld series in their secondary language of English?
Which is the short film that was produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
What is the showdog with the lowest number of subscribers?
What city in Ukraine is the twinned administrative body of Vancouver?
Which first driver of European Grand Prix 1993 is also finished first in 1985 Portuguese Grand Prix?
Who follows the Catholic Church?
What is the designer of iPad whose output is Apple Pay?
Whose theme music is composed by the band one of whose member is Les Claypool?
What drugs react significantly with methadone?
Who is the film star of On Air with Ryan Seacrest?
Name the parent company of Ford Falcon Cobra?
What is a museum that displays art that begins with the letter 'W'?
What is the place of death of Kurt Vonnegut whose country is United States of America?
where is the ivan Turgenev residence and lived with whom?
What are the military campaign which start with the letter o
Which archipelagic state has the highest inflation rate?
Which is the Wikidata property example for Serge Blanco?
Name the HBO TV show written by Erik jendresen?
Who all have been judges on CTV Network's shows?
Who is the writer of the remake of Lake in the Lake?
Name a town sharing a border with Ottawa.
What is the birthplace of the netball player who is the relative of Rachel Rasmussen?
Which is the leading group unit of Guy Demel's team?
Which location of INKAS is also the location of T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School, Kumasi?
Who is the developer of the software which is produced by Claris?
Where Everybody knows you is the theme album of which show?
Name a big city that contains the word łódź  in its name
What motorcycle does Honda make?
Which is the Filmfare Awards given to winner Anil Kapoor?
Which predecessor of the PlayStation 4 is also the developer of Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee?
Which writer of Alan Freeman Days is also the writer of Come On over?
What are some organizations in Auckland created to do?
Where do cherry chevapravatdumrong and daisi pollard both live?
for which of his work Karl Malden received Academy Award for best supporting actor?
Which river flows through Hudson Highlands State park and also through Troy, New york?
In which television shows has Eliza Schneider given her voice?
Who operates the railway line which begins in Minneapolis?
What is the role played by City of Sydney which is located in the administrative territorial entity Sydney?
Where did the architect of the Eiffel Tower study?
Who is the Captain of the Montreal Canadiens?
Who is the succesor of Allan in Wonderland?
Who works at the art from Antony Tudor, that's is in the voivodeship of the Orange county?
For which movie was Channing Tatum nominated for th eIndependent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male?
Who is the Head of State of the Austrian Empire?
What is the name of the animated skunk in Looney Tunes?
Who is the person that was educated at the University of Notre Dame?
The executive branch of the Government of Islamic Republic of Iran is in what village of the Hormozgan Province?
Who did Daniel Gibson marry?
Name the person whose daughter is Rohan Marley and also another children named Sharon Marley?
Who is Filipp Yankovsky's child?
What is the artfor of the moveable object location of Ärztestopp?
WHICH IS CAPABLE OF INHIBITING OR PREVENING PATHOLOGICAL PROCESS OF PRESCRIBED DRUG OF INFLAMMATION
What are some artists on the show whose opening theme is Send It On?
Who discovered or invented Impressionism and was followed by future Impressionists?
Who wrote the songs on ABBA: The Album?
Who currently operates the railway lines one of whose stockholder is Chicago, St Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha railway?
Where did Professor Mohammad Mosaddegh of the University of Paris go to school?
Who is Anna Akhmatova's spouse and why did the marriage end?
What disease does RS-methadone treat
Who was the PM under which William Deane served?
Who spirit is Harry Potter possessed by?
Whose military unit is 39th infantry regiment in 1812?
Which is not the same as of mushroom, whose type of taxon is species?
Who's last meal was white wine?
What was Claudette Colbert nominated for in the 8th Academy Awards?
What is the birthplace of Oleg Nikolaenko, the sequel of which is Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic?
What is birth place for starring of The 15:17 to Paris?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
Which party has come in power at both Balangir and Amaravila in india?
What is end time and start time of Boeing 747 has operator as Air Algérie?
Who is the grandfather of the film director of The Don Knotts Show?
What is the taxon that causes syphilis?
What is the musical score of Ave Verum Corpus that has a career in music pedagogue?
What is a national association football team whose name starts with the letter t.
Name the work location of Augustin-Louis Cauchy that is next to the Baldissero Torinese.
What was the cause and manner of death of Anne Bancroft?
WHICH IS THE TRIBUTARY OF OUTFLOW OF SENEGAL RIVER?
Who is the former partner of the figure skater which was the former partner of Brynn Carman?
who is PhD advisor for doctoral student of Louis Marin?
Which engine's successor's predecessor is BMW M10?
Whose deathplace was Saint Petersburg, where the tribute to Pictures at an Exhibiltion took place?
WHICH SPORTS IS SUCCEDED ON 1993 RALLY GB
What is the domain of the disciple of Al-Khalil ibn Ahmad al-Farahidi?
Name the F1 racer with relative as Ralf Schumacher and has child named Mick Schumacher?
What is the HQ of Ärztekammer Nordrhein?
Which is after a work by Stanisława Przybyszewska?
Who edited Easy street?
Name the river passing through Reading Berkshire and has mouth place at Essex?
Give me some TV stations whose network's main language is American English?
Which is the game mode for infinity?
Name the sstadium of 2015 Pro Duta FC season?
Who is the national association football team for home venue of Wembley Stadium
what is the silent short film with the highest duration?
Larry Flynt is the publisher of which periodical?
which poem contains the word prymskvioa in their name
In which country is Ivano-Frankivsk, the birthplace of Svetlana Aleksievich?
Who has sons of son of of Fu Xi?
What preceded London Calling in the same literary genre of folk punk?
Who is the leader of the Mathematical Reviews published by?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Haight-Ashbury?
What tv show is created by Brian Graden?
Where is the birth city of Guo Qiru located in the People's Republic of China?
God Defend New Zealand is the national anthem of which country?
who church building for patron saint of Joseph?
What is the common profession of DeWitt Clinton and Claiborne Pell?
What team had the debut of Marv Throneberry and Curt Coleman?
Tell me boat type whose name has the word yoal in it.
Who is the mother and child of Courtney Love?
Which field's journals are edited by Paul Morphy?
When and where did Victor Hugo married Adèle Foucher?
What is the position held for the general secretary of Xi Jinping?
Give me the name of the steel bridge with the highest fee whose instance is also a toll bridge?
Which is the nation of Nineteen Eighty-Four for present work of the Nineteen Eighty-Four?
Who wrote The Legend of Sleepy Hollow?
Where was the Russian Revolution co-founded by Peter the Great?
Who is the distributor of Rev (drink)?
who film for screenwriter of jim henson?
When did Eric Gairy's position as Prime Minister of Grenada end?
Who is the opponent of United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio, 2010?
Where is deathplace of Robert Knox, which has partner city is New Delhi?
Who is Jane Fonda's spouse?
What is the river mouth of Orange River's tributary?
What sports are played at institutes affiliated by the Association of Southeast Asian Institutes of Higher Learning?
Which shows theme music is composed by a band which has Larry Lalonde in it?
who disease for has effect of bacteria?
Which is founded by George Safford Parker?
What are the children of Euphorion of Eleusis famous for?
Which is position held of Francis that is of is San Roberto Bellarmino?
What are some short story kind of Books?
What award Scarlett Johansson received which statement is subject of in 64th Tony Awards?
What medication do you take for leprosy?
Which magazine's editor's official residence is Playboy Mansion?
Who is the monarch of Bertalan Szemere?
Which Class II combustible liquid has the highest median lethal concentration?
WHICH IS THE MONTORY AUTHORITY WITH THE MOST TARGETINTEREST RATE
Which historical country that is the Head of government František Udržal and which that starts with the letter c
Is the French economy the main topic of the Court of Cassation, the highest judicial authority?
Tell me the game variant that starts with the letter b
Who plays in the sequel of Ziegfeld Follies (1911)?
Who is the person as secretary general of Social Democratic Party of Germany?
What legislative body is the regional organization of European parliament?
what is the spacecraft with the lowest orbits completed whose instance of is spacecraft?
Who sculpted the Statue of Zeus at Olympia?
What award was John Williams nominated for in Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
What is the mountain whose parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Name the shows whose theme was composed by a band in which Jay Lane used to be?
Who is the writer of the preceeds of Choke?
Where did Niels Bohr earn his doctoral thesis?
Where is Lao Plaza Hotel located?
To which country do gabriel paris gordillo and gustavo rojas pinilla owe their allegiance?
What royalties's sepulchre is Mausoleum of Augustus?
Who won the Battle of Austerlitz?
Which is managed by cosmonaut mission of Oleg Novitskiy?
What parent body constellation is Messier a part of?
What is the culture of Jayadaman's daughter?
Name the think tank that spent the most money in the field of social policy.
Which office of Mulifunctionl polymerc micelles offer cancer targeted MRI-ultrasensitive drug delivery systems?
What is Rabies medical treatment and the health specialty?
What kingdom starts with the letter z?
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
Name the cause of death of Martino Martini?
What governor of Aosta Valley was also a veterinarian?
what are the alcohol which start with the letter y
What actress played Marie Schrader?
which astronaut's mission was Apollo 11?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in the cycle of Calpamos?
Which city contains the administrative territorial entity of Guangdong?
How many followers follows the film Dirty Harry?
Name the office holder whose theatre is Siege of Fort Recovery and belongs to Indian territory branch?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Which is the bicameral legislature for the legislative body of the Kingdom of Great Britain?
WHICH IS THE EXCIPIENT THAT STARTS WITH X
Which humans reside in Rotterdam?
Who is Patron saint the accountant, the son of Alphaeus?
What was Barbara Stanwyck nominated for for Double Indememnity?
What work was Federico Fellini nominated for at the 22nd Academy Awards?
Name the lethal excipient mad eof chemical compound?
What is the Christian name of Jean Rhys, which is the same as Jane?
Shen Bao has a partner city of Rotterdam, what is the main location of the publication?
What is the products of the BBC Multimedia and series of the The Last Resort (Doctor Who)
Give me all magazines whose founder died in Berkeley, California?
Who was engaged in wars of Fort Gadsden and Fort Barrancas?
What town of Guernica has the partner city New York City?
What award did Costa-Gavras receive for his work on Missing?
Who propose the sports of Formula One?
What is the conjugate acid of nitric acid?
Who was married to president Chirac?
Which is the dwarf elliptical galaxy for the child astronomical body of the Andromeda Galaxy?
Which operator of ganz UV is also the nationality of the Gza Horvth?
What movie was Sissy Spacek nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
What is on focus list on Wikimedia project for arch?
Who is born at of Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor, where county seat for is Austria-Hungary?
Where were Justina Machado and John Englehard born?
Which is the series Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
Which band produced the album Aida?
Which category of associated people of sister city of Zhuhai?
What monument was unveiled in 1984 of fine arts of the Soviet Union?
Where was Thomy Bourdelle born?
Nigel Farage was employed by whom and until when?
what is the landscape of venus callipyge, which is equivalent of aphrodite
Who gave theestablished by of resting place of Arkadi Suvorov?
who champion of awarded of jan tinbergen?
Who is the business for founded by of Ingvar Kamprad
Which ensemble of buildings has the smallest intensity of luminosity?
What is the almamater of the president whose vice president was Enrique Jos Varona?
Name the common editor of Easy Street (film) and Work (film)?
What is the name of the person who died due to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What is chief executive officer of Sheldon Adelson?
Where can one find some quick bread in the world?
Who had influenced France Prešeren, who worked as a translator?
What are the standards organization which start with the letter t13
Cholera affects which taxon?
What Indian reservation region of Japan has diplomatic relations with Brazil?
Who are the kids that inspired the Color Purple
What are the fictional location which start with the letter s
Which allegiance of the John Kotelawala is also the sovereign state of the Sanath Weerakoon?
Who composed the music for Tonight's the Night?
Who is the founder of Hezbollah whose personal name is Muhammed?
What is the national origin of Dornier Aerodyne and Hirth Acrostar?;
Which associated band of the Teddy Riley is also the performer of the Before I Let You Go?
What is the supervisor of the painter of quantum mechanics?
To which sovereign state and diplomatic relation does the Arab League belong?
What is MythBusters' location narrative and outcome in the 1906 San Francisco earthquake?
Who was Betty White's husband?
City of Miami Cemetery is the governing body of which city?
William Shakespeare is the famous for writing's in the Sonnet 72.
What is the river whose mouth is in deadsea?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
What is the debut team of the gridiron football player who coached the 1931 Staten Island Stapletons season?
Where in the bible can you find the book of David?
Which is the supranational organization of the diplomatic relation of the Arab League?
Who gave the has son of has son of of Mary Stewart?
What is the city in Ukraine hat has replaced Khadjibey and that starts with letter O?
In which ice hockey league, did the team coached by Joel Quenneville win?
Where were Micheal Santos and Wendy Jaquet born?
Name the television show which was developed by Brian Graden and distributed by Comedy Central?
Which career chemist developed radium?
What are theredistribution market which start with the letter usell
What is landscape of depicted sea of clouds?
Where was the plot of North by Northwest, filmed in California, set?
Was George Arliss nominated for the movie called The Apartment
What is the almamater of the successor of F. A. Little, Jr.? 
Who wrote the album coming right before Dead Man's Chest's OST?
What are the parent companys of that studied at Margaret Mead?
What is the profession of the William Luther Hill and also the office of the Richard Coke?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and is located in Laptev Sea?
what is hypothetical protein ecia139-4120 habitat of found in species?
What sport activities are available at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan?
What is a taxonomic rank that starts with the letter v.
Name the postmodern skyscraper with the most floors below ground?
Which ester has the highest flash point?
Which is the edition or translation of The Pilgrim's Progress?
What chapter of your edition does Hamlet start on?
Who gave the top dog of nomination received of Jamie Bell?
Which chlorine-containing flammable liquid is the least soluble?
When did award received of Frederick Sanger and prize money?
what are the train service which start with the letter v
Who was the disciple and mentor of Wilhelm Grosz?
Who was Maurice Merleau-Ponty studying under, that was born at Bar-le-Duc?
What is in the category of Don Quixote?
WHO IS THE AGENT TOOK PART INHENDRAN
Who is the important person behind Rumi?
In what town is the work location of Franz Wiedemann?
Is Monopoly's publishing house the parent company of Playskool Inc.?
What manga is written in Japanese?
Which is the person as a significant person of Carl Gustav Jung?
Who are the people whose phD advisor was Harry Harlow?
Who is the narrator of The Incredible Hulk , 1982 TV series?
What is the chrysanthemum taxonomic type?
What sports co-founder is apart of E.&H.T. Anthony &Co.?
Which Indian company has the most employees?
Who is the youngest player in the Premier League?
What was first discovered in scientific data analysis that caused death by tuberculosis?
Name a radio program hosted by Donald Trump
What is the company to which Fusajiro Yamauchi proprietor to?
When did spouse of Andriy Shevchenko and start time?
For which category did Henry Mancini win in the 34th Academy Awards?
Name the scientist who was the winner of Royal Society award and had Georg Meissner as his doctoral advisor?
Who is the choreographer for Maurice Be'jart?
What Paul Lukas prize was awarded to the winner James Cagney?
when did the apartment receive the 33rd academy awards?
What is United States headquarters location for Kroger?
For what work was Charles Laughton nominated for at the Academy Award for Best Actor?
Who is the performer of the Japanese's Samus Aran?
Name an amulet associated with Ancient Egypt.
What is the flag for the Flag of China?
which is diplomatic relation of east timor that is statement is subject of east timor-indonesia relations?
Who is the appointer of Earl B. Ruth?
Where is Dofinivka Estuary located?
Which Catholic church is Ignatius of Loyola patron saint of?
Which is the place of work of August Sander that has executive power headed by Ernst Schwering?
List the primeministers of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow?
who is the academic degree and student of Pope_Francis?
What do the banks owned by Norwegian ministry of finance produce?
What is the currency of the Czech Republic?
What are the school mascots in Blytheville school district?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Tell me religious behaviour whose name has the word zakāt in it.
What is the watercourse with the highest length whose country is Lithuania?
What occupational carcinogen containing hydrogen has the highest decomposition point?
Tell me the bell tower that starts with the letter t
The developer Satoshi Nakamoto has which free software?
Which is place served by transport hub of Beijing Capital International Airport?
Who is the Mistress of John Wayne, who is also the winner of the Knight of the Order of Leopold?
What are the rules of Shinto Shrine?
Which is sequel of topic of of history of Baghdad?
Name the college of the Allama Matthews which also has affiliation with Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Who is the human for partner of Julia Roberts
Who did Bruce Bochy play for? 
Which governor of Charles Willing byrd fought the battle of Siege of Fort Recovery?
What are the influences portrayed by Standards?
What are some Louisiana based models known for?
Tell me private not-for-profit educational institution whose name has the word university in it.
Who is the current pope?
Who has won Fred Ebb award?
How is the medical condition epilepsy treated?
What are the private university which start with the letter university
In which country is there a dam on the Awash river?
What is common between genre of battle chess and purpose of New Zealand Chess?
Which country had the county seats as History of Trier and Mediolanum?
Josef Bhler belongs to which political party?
Who directed the series Win Some, Lose Some?
Which is the river that is different from the mass?
Which composer subsequent work of Moondog Matinee and also composed The TImes They are A changin?
Who is buried at the place governed by National Park Service?
Which is the academic major for law?
What was George Cukor nominated for at the 23rd Academy Awards?
Which televion show's theme music was given by Ron Grainer and is broadcasted by BBC HD?
Tell me weapon whose name has the word ziyar in it.
which series of jeremiah that of judaism?
What kinds of airplanes do American Airlines operate?
tell me ice hockey team league National Hockey League starts with o
Tell me international association football national teams competition whose name has the word cup in it.
Which chemical compound has the most binding energy?
What academic institute did Ralph Abernathy earn a Master of Arts degree?
What is the award for signatories of the Declaration fo the Establishment of the State of Israel?
where is the office held by head of government and head of state of Himachal_Pradesh
Who is actress at part of series You Give Lunch a Bad Name?
What country of the Russian Empire is the birth place of Feodor Chaliapin?
What edition of Abhigyanashakuntalam is in English?
What is a Class II combustible liquid has the smallest electric dipole moments?
Who are the stockholders that helped develop Call of Duty?
Who is the human director of Forrest Gump?
Who is the voice actor of Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
For which team do Guido Guerrini and Massimo Liverani currently play for?
Show me all English Gothic buildings in Kent.
Which person is the stepfather of Antoninus Pius?
What championship starts with the letter w?
What are the legal concept which start with the letter s
what is the class IIIA combustible liquid with the highest vapor pressure whose has part is chlorine?
who democratic republic for anthem of The Star-Spangled banner?
For what movie Alain Resnais was nominated to the César Award for Best Adaptation?
Where is the tourist office of Hanover?
what are some common games played at both Fr Agnel Multipurpose School and Vishwajyot High School?
Where is the stadium of west Papus football team?
What is the church for St. Ignatius of Loyola?
What county seat does Josef Neumayer hold in the Austrian national government
Which is located in present-day administrative territorial entity for Friuli-Venezia Giulia?
What communist party's name starts with the letter p?
Who is nominated for the award of Bill Crystal?
Who are the creators, who have English as their language created Prince Hamlet?
What death place of Sigismund III Vasa is associated with people from Warsaw.
What was the statement subject of Jack Lemmon at the 35th Academy Awards?
Who is tenant of Windsor Castle, that has employment as postage stamp designer?
Which TV show's company is PlayTone and is produced by Stephen E. Ambrose?
Where is the work location of Harthacanute which belongs to Asian Development Bank
According to the All India Trinamool Congress, what political party serves as the head of government for West Bengal?
Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep?
What is the sexual orientation and the sex or gender of Deadpool?
Who are the founders of the seat of Guinness?
In which city was the company founded , which owns Grasim Bhiwani Textiles?
Who are the writers of South Park: The Stick of Truth?
who titleholder of nomination received of nebraska?
GetTV is owned by which organisation?
What is the part of the grammar that deals with the history or origin of the words of Planck time, that has doctoral student is Walther Bothe?
What is the name of the operating system that is written in Assembly language and contains 'vm' in its name?
What was Ray Rennahan from Gone with the Wind nominated for?
With which musical artist is the producer of Spotlight associated?
What is David Foster's record label?
What is the gene for genetic association of major depressive disorder?
Who is the discoverer of proton and is doctoral student of Norman Alexander?
Name the company founded in US and created Visual Studio?
Which subject has role and the significant drug interaction of Amphetamine?
Where did Margaret Thatcher die?
Which company is the parent company of Chevrolet Spark?
Name the eponym of volt, who is professor by profession.
For which work Patrick White received the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
What gene is associated with colorectal cancer by a genome-wide association study?
What are the artists that have been in the band Framptons camel?
Who is the human for spouse of Sean Hannity
What are the name of the casualties affected by shooting rampage of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold?
Who used to skate with the pupils of Laureano Ibarra?
Is Adam Mickiewicz a resident in the area that divides into Vyborgsky District, Saint Petersburg
What was William Styron nominated for for his work in Lie Down in Darkness?
what is the host for populus?
Who were the narrators of the albums which had Ringo Starr as one of the narrator?
Which wars were fought when the commanders involved served under PM Choi Tu Son?
What castle is located in Odessa?
What was founded by Congress of Industrial Organizations?
What is named for gauss whose member is Russian Academy of Sciences?
Which distributer of Bombay Sapphire also makes Grewy goose?
Who was nominated from West Side Story to receive the Academy Award for Best Cinematography and Color?
What is the great power with maximum exports?
Which are the previous broadcast networks of sister channels of WGBC?
What was Jim Dale nominated for in the 51st Tony Awards?
Who had a son named Timur, and whose interment was in Shahrisabz?
Who were the patron saints that formed the Society of Jesus?
Tell me theme park whose name has the word woman in it.
Which producer of Boeing F/A has Dennis Muilenburg as an important person?
who sculpted the drawing hands?
Which highly urbanized city has the highest mains voltage?
What is the biological classification of the subject in the photograph Cypress, Point Lobos?
Name a member of the band ABBA
Who is the author of foreword of Jimmy Wales?
In the sport of professional wrestling, what is the championship?
What is the base currency of the Benelux and is also used as money in Kerguelen Islands?
What type of film is significant for William McDonough?
Who is the daughter of Iskandar Thani?
who is the participant and member Pope_Benedict_XVI?
What is written by of Symphony No. 5, which has master of Eduard Marxsen?
Who is a member of the school attended by Sidney Mintz?
What is the  criterion used  for  pole vault   record held  as  Eliza McCartney ?
Who is the namesake of the Lorentz force, who was also a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences?
Who is the director and executive producer of Breaking Bad?
Which appliance has cpu from Freescale Semiconductor and Marvell Technology Group?
What arrondissement is the Waikato Region, the highest judicial authority in the Supreme Court of New Zealand?
Tell me the brain region that contains the word thalamus in their name
Name the stock holders of soccer club whose one of the stockholder is Carl Sanders?
What is the largest city of the country where P. Sathyanarayanan was born?
Which things are Breann McGregor known for?
Where the human place of burial of Venice?
Who is incumbent of the position of William Jennings Bryan?
Who wrote the screenplay for Vyasa?
What is the cheapest office building in the United States?
For what type of work Keira Knightley has received an Empire Award?
For which song did Hayley Williams receive the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song?
which band was Roger waters in?
Who appointed the successor of Charles Pinckney?
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
What branch of philosophy starts with the letter p?
What is the publisher of Lucifer's Hammer?
What is the sexual orientation and sex or gender of Little Richard?
Whcih land of Citi Trends is also the constituency of Malik Al-Hassan Yakubu?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
What are the deductive language which start with the letter p
In what former Soviet country was Ramzan Kadyrov Ebonat born?
What was the result found in the species of hypothetical protein ipg2828?
What is the village with the highest number of households whose country is India?
Who is the developer of ARM architecture for public limited company?
In which company is Raymond Conner at an important position?
Which infectious disease is caused by Staphylococcus aureus?
Which religion does the leader of Church and Wellesley follow?
What is the nominated for award received of Tom_Hardy?
Where was Liliya Lobanova born?
What diplomatic relation to Canada is in the administrative unit of Victoria?
What is the sister or brother of Anton Chekhov,that has the birth city in Taganrog?
What people were born in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Tell me the festival which starts with the letter v!
Was Herbie Hancock the winner of the award for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals?
What is Fedor_Emelianenko's member of sports team and the sport?
Name a disease associated with the gene LAMC1 that contains the word cancer in its name
What is the economic activity that starts with the letter 'v'?
What is the country whose leader is Donald Trump?
Who are the daughters of Maria Rosa Pulley Vergara?
Who is the deity of the son of Ogun?
Who was the member of John William Strutt, 3rd Baron Rayleigh, proceeded in Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities?
What is the PhD advisor of Roger Cotes best known for?
Where can beryllium be found, that has diplomatic relation in Romania?
What lake on the Baja California Peninsula has the Tenmile Creek tributary?
What does the pancreas innervate?
What caused leprosy?
What was Leopold von Ranke's major at Leipzig University?
Who is Matt Stone's creative partner?
What is the topic of law containing large numbers, that has scholarly field for it's data?
Who is the son of the brother of Queenie Padilla?
Who are the players whose current clubs have Ferran Soriano as chairman?
WHOSE POTRAIT WAS SUCCEEDED BY JUAN GABRIEL CON MARIACHI II
What is the excipient with the lowest dynamic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
Who is the parent company of the label of Carabao?
What is the Christian name name of the Charles III of Spain's daughter?
Who coached the Marquette golden eagles men team in 09 to 10 and then again in 13 to 14?
Which animals are critically endangered?
Which is the The Godfather Part II based on?
Name the type of work done by Robert Frost for which he has received award as Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
who subsidiary company of made by of Apple II?
Which performer plays the role of Count Dracula, the Nosferatu Vampyre?
Tell me land-grant university whose name has the word virginia in it.
Which people are known for appearing on the television show Dragon's Den?
What website starts with the letter z?
Who is starring in the film Starfleet Academy?
What is the record producer of the series of The Amazing Race 10?
What is the largest country in the world?
What is the name of film studio that starts with letter s
Is this taxon is source of goji?
Which country has the currency Japanese yen?
Which musical artists have collaborated with Waylon Jennings?
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of manga?
Name the country with the lowest age of majority in the country.
Which is field study of contributor of Screamers?
Which edition of War and Peace is in French?
Name a devil in the Hinduist pantheon that starts with letter L
What are the specialities of the UNC Health Care?
Which person is know for Taj Mahal?
What is the capital of Kangwon Province, which is a member of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies?
Where was Jeff Bezo educated at, and what was his academic degree?
Who are the employer of Don R. Berlin?
What are the estates of the realm which start with the letter p
What drug, that is partially comprised of oxygen, has the lowest combustion flash point?
Who leads the Christian Science movement?
Name the sport league of Hampton Roads Rhinos?
Who was the animator of both Tommy Tucker's Tooth and Skeleton Dance?
What is the common party of the Manthena Venkata Raju and B. Shiva Rao?
What sub-province-level division starts with the letter x?
Who is born at Tilda Swinton, which has a partner town of Baku?
Which solid flammable chemical compound has the lowest explosive velocity?
What what is city-state highest judical authority by HCC and also which starts with letter h
Who was the second doctoral advisor to Andreas Vesalius?
Which volcano has the most topographic isolation?
What ecozone does Melanesia belong to
Who is Natsume Sōseki's granddaughter?
Where has Thelonious Monk studied?
What are the major works of Marin Alsop's supervisor?
Which day and what are the traditional foods of Thanksgiving?
What was Richard Harris nominated for because of his performance in Gladiator?
Where are the headquarters of World Trade Organization located?
Which part of constellation orbits the Djorgovski 1?
What is the name of the invention by Humphry Davy that uses Faraday's law of induction?
Who all have appointed governess born in Magnolia Plantation gardens?
What are some cartoons distributed by a subsidiary of Time Warner?
What is the tallest bridge that is also a railroad bridge?
Who is the disease for symptoms of delusion?
What is the place where filmed Andrei Rublev whose village is Ryazansky District?
What is the name of the person that the Euler equations are named for, that died in Saint Petersburg?
What is nominated for Die Hard that is nominee is Frank J. Urioste?
Which equation is often confused with thereof Pi, which comes before the letter P?
Name few TV shows aired by Prime Time Entertainment Network?
Name the office holder whose constituency are Duboce Triangle and Haight-Ashbury?
Which countries share a similar sociocultural and ethnic heritage of that of Native Indonesians?
What award Paul Scofield received for his work A Man for All Seasons?
Who is the prizewinner of Alain Renais, is it Otar Losseliani?
Which mainter of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the county seat of the King County, Washingtonsu?
Where is the co-founder of The Evening of Ashura from?
Which american football team has stadium as O.co Coliseum?
What political part did Muammar al-Daddafi found
What is the venue of Indy PopCon?
What is successful candidate of Ernesto Zedillo?
What award did Alvin Eliot Roth and Lloyd Shapley receive together?
What's the Betelgeuse constellation constellation?
Which basketball team's president studied in the Brockport Golden Eagles?
What mountain is the highest point in Chongqing?
Who is the governor of the hometown of Glenn Seaborg?
What was the murder method of Eve Arden, which could involve the lower gastrointestinal series in possible examinations?
Which magazine has publisher as Jann Wenner?
Who is the organizer and what is location of Australian Open?
What is character role of Turandot?
List the former partner of the figure skaters whose former choreographer was Igor Shpillband.
What is sexually homologous with for ovary?
WHAT ADMISTATIVE BODY IS THE PAIR FOR THE COMMUNE OF BILBAO, FRANCE?
Who is the Formula 1 race driver with the most races?
What is the tributary of the spans of the Ma'anshan Bridge?
What is the country of Abkhazia whose statement is disputed by Russia?
Who replaced Lal Bahadur Shastri as the Minister of Home Affairs?
Who composed the Star-Spangled Banner?
Who replaced the First Lady of the United States Martha Washington?
What is Mario Monicelli nominated for in the 38th Academy Awards?
What did James Cagney win in the 15th Academy Awards?
What cave starts with the letter s?
Name the television show whose creator is Simon Fuller and presented by Ryan Seacrest?
What is the name of the sequel to Are You Experienced?
What countries are involved in the African Union?
What costume designer introduced the Owl and the Pussycat?
Who is the patron saint of the Knights Templar whose political office was held in Abbot?
Which is the accreditation for European Parliament?
What is the name of the talk show produced by Ellen DeGeneres?
What organisations purpose is Peace?
Which river has the most throughput?
who is manager/director for commands of Erich von Manstein?
What is the daughter of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister is Maria Anna d'Asburgo-Lorena?
In which television shows have Steven Moffat served as an executive producer?
Who are the authors of Corpus Juris Civilis, written after Justin II?
Which archaeological site was the former capitol of the Achaemenid Empire?
What is the debut team of Tom O'Malley?
Where was William anthony trained?
Who was the spouse of Liam Neeson and what caused the end of the marriage?
What was presented at Gerard Schroder that was attended for the Horst Seehofer?
What is different to Symphony No. 5 whose succession is Louie, Louie Go Home?
Tell me video game whose name has the word zauberschloß in it.
List the people educated at Harvard-Westlake School and has resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Name the appliance produced by Foxconn and its OS is provided by PlayStation 3 system software?
Which is the data theft as a significant event of Nicolas Sarkozy?
Which the Showrunner of the series of protest?
Who is the PhD advisor to the scriptwriter of Kidnapped?
what is fairy tale contains the word witch in their name
What is the name of the person who invented the saxophone?
what is the wife of the tribute to of Eanna?
Where did Arne Jacobsen die, which is also the county seat for Denmark?
Which artery supplies blood to the stomach?
In what town is Taekyeung College?
WHICH ONE IS THE SPIRAL GALAXY WITH THE MOST RADIAL VELOCITY
Which member of originates of Saturday Night Live?
Name a yearly celebration occuring during the winter solctice that contains the word yule in its name
What is the position and electoral district of Tony Abbott?
Where and what did Jodie Foster study?
Larry Flynt is editor of which magazine?
What are the boys names of William Wilberforce, that were born in Clapham?
Frank Gehry created which National Memorial of the United States?
Which operas are in Russian?
Tell me the ensemble that has architectural style as Islamic art of the Emirate and the Caliphate and that contains the word alhambra in it's name?
Who is the devout Episcopal child of Casey Affleck?
Which nation is the origin of Dornier Aerodyne?
Where is incumbent of professorship position of John Budden?
Give me all professional skateboarders from Sweden.
which is the country for August has named after as Alp Arslan?
Who owns the iMac properties?
what is the class II combustible liquid with the lower flammable limit whose instance of is occupational caricinogen?
Which is the HQ location in The Economic Times having Indian reservation in Bombay State?
Which is the taxon that has effect on typhus?
What sporting goods companies are located in Herzogenaurach?
What species are held by the affiliates of the Greater Los Angeles Zoo Assocation?
Which president of Lance Adams-Schneider had nickname Daniel O'Regan?
Tell me the sovereign state for the capital of Belgrade.
Who has won Ariel Rubinstein award?
From which country did the Mauritius bank and the national commerce bank emerge?
Which is the natural reservoir for Pteropodidae?
Where is the deathplace of Gediminas, whose twin town is Irkutsk?
What is a contestant in the work of Walter Blakely?
Which Doctor Zhivago writer has been honored with the Medal of Defense of Moscow?
What is Bermuda's diplomatic relation, that has the same time zone as Alaska?
Who is the Chief Operating Officer of Ninetendo?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
WHo was Julia Roberts mother?
Which is the university of Vanderbilt Commodores?
Who awarded Eric Hobsbawm an honorary doctorate?
Who composed 'The Virginian, Season 2'?
What is the highest mountain in Germany?
What is preceded by the Emirate of Sicily, which is on the continent of Europe?
What awards has the leader George F. Kennan received?
Who is Marilyn Monroe's husband and when did they end their marriage?
Name the mountain whose range is Sierra Nevada (U.S.) and parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Which European sea has Oulu as one of the shore city?
Which part of Skylab has a crew member called William R. Pogue?
Who was the doctoral supervisor of Albert Einstein?
Tell me taxon whose name has the word trigonotarbida in it.
What is the Christian name of Ben Daniels that is the equivalent of Benedicto?
What is the county of Saint Lucia national cricket team?
What is the first name of Jerzy Rubach, that is equivalent to the Gorch?
Name the TV shows owned by divisions of CBS?
Which settlement's neighboring municipalities are Cologny and Pregny-Chambsy?
Which city amongst the one which belongs to Boundary Dam was the palce for Soccer Bowl '76?
What programming language was developed by Dennis M. Ritchie?
Who is the parent taxon and the taxon source of Spider?
What is the Italian municipality for Cardiff's sister administration?
Who is the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood?
Whicth is criterion used forLaissez faire?
Where was Anthony Mundine educated.
Who is the son of Piero the Unfortunate?
What is the name of the video game soundtrack for Grand Theft Auto V?
Which brother of Atahualpa has sons?
What is the label of Rick Astley whose owner is Sony Corporation of America?
Name a principality located in the Weimar Republic
What did Norbert Kolten found?
What is the game platform of Google Cloud Connect?
What are the television shows whose company is European Broadcasting Union?
Which magazine's publisher is Jann Wenner and founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Who are the participants in the Battle of Greece, which is a member of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons?
Who did the author cite in the book Behavioral and neural correlates of delay of gratification 40 years later?
Where is the birth county of Dave Scott of Oregon?
For Superman, who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
List the books whose authors are in Alcal de Henares.
Who are Julianne Moore's spouse and siblings?
Which mountain range is the one with Ponte d'Aveneyre and Le Gibloux?
Did Igor Stravinsky become the winner of the The Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award was?
Which is the location of discovery of lanthanum?
What are the software companies that contain the word xanalys in their names?
Tell me bank whose name has the word unicredit in it.
When did spouse of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and end time?
Give me all soccer clubs in Spain.
Who replaced Macbeth, King of Scotland as the Monarch of Scotland?
What are the disciplinary repository which start with the letter engrxiv
What is the subcellular localization of the EH-domain containing 1?
What is main topic of history of Afghanistan, which has governor is Mohammed Nadir Shah?
Who wrote the notable book, The Bigmoon Nights?
Who is the partner of James Joyce?
For what period is La Marseillaise valid as the French anthem?
What is the Commonwealth realm of Australian history for the history of topic
Who is the costume designer for Karl Lagerfeld?
What is the location of English Civil War, that has coat of arms in Royal Arms of England?
Producers of what have died in Mississippi?
Which is the zenith of the jurisdiction of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission?
What is the area of responsibility for the NPR, that has a time of UTC -07:00?
What is the work done by David MCCullough that won him the Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography?
What is helium surname, which has cohabitant is Perse
Tell me about socialist state for public holiday of Chinese New Year?
who accused of took part of Homare Sawa?
What is the birthplace of Adugna Deyas and the place where Fiq is located?
What is the main topic of the Einstein-Rosen metric about?
Which is the profession for the field of occupation of Rugby?
What is the patronym or matronym for Mahathir Mohamed?
Which spaceflight was Alan Shepard part of?
Which office holder's resting place is in Palo Alto, California and was succeeded by Adrian A. Basora?
Name the monarch of L Buwei?
Which tv show was preceded by The spirit of Christmas and voice to the character was given by Mona Marshall?
What newspaper is found in the Russian Empire?
Where is Akhenaten buried and where did they die?
What are the universities where athletics is regulated by National Collegiate Athletic Association?
What is the university whose campus is Mount Moosilauke?
In the 68th Academy Awards, what nomination did Mira Sorvino receive?
Which television show's developer is Brian Graden and voices to the character is by Isaac Hayes?
What is the first name of John Lothrop Motley, that is the equivalent of Gianni?
What are the galaxy that contains the word ugc in their name
What is the chemical compound of water?
which is industry of Caterpillar Inc.?
What title is held by the head of state of the Achaemenid Empire?
What is Robert Pattinson nominated for, because of his work in The Twilight Saga: New Moon?
Who gave the source of inspiration of characters of Les Misérables?
What game is played by backgammon players and contains the word backgammon?
Where is Jane Goodall's work located?
What is the state of origin of Abbas Jafri?
Who takes the form of brother of Poseidon?
Who is the leader player of Connecticut College?
What is the alma mater of the chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel?
Grey gppse and eristoff is produced by which company?
When will Triple H return to Wrestle Mania?
who member of graduated from of regna darnell?
Who was in the missions of Apollo 11 and Gemini 8?
Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons?
Which dwarf planet has the highest longitude of ascending node?
What is relative of Manisha Koirala?
List down the important people of The Elders?
In which fields are pupils of Edouard Chavannes working?
Which is the direction relative to location of west?
What football team does Clarence Seedorf play for?
What what is archaeological site World Heritage criteria(iii) and also which starts with letter t
BEtween what years was ancient Rome active?
Who owns Ivanpah Solar Power Facility?
What film did Irving Berlin compose the music for?
Name the artist of Brad Paisley discography?
What was the cause of death of Robert West?
Which assembly is endemic to Gujarati?
Which is the analog or derivative of diazepam?
Who is the character of Book of Genesis whose daughter is Hezron?
who television program for presenter of oprah winfrey?
What is the history of the people of Cairo?
What palace did William the Conqueror commission?
What title of honor has the longest term in office?
In which military conflicts did Lawrence of Arabia participate?
What animated films were produced by Hayao Miyazaki?
Who or what is the owner of Deutsche Bank?
What what is fossil taxon parent taxon trilobitomorpha and also which starts with letter t
What chronicles are written in Old English?
Where did the head of national government, Jan Dismas Zelenka, die?
Inform us about the maximum total reserves of the country?
Which artists were born on the same date as Rachel Stevens?
:What city on the continent of North America is considered the twin town of Kraków?
What is the ruling party in Lisbon?
Who studied under Christ?
Who is the director of Chespirito?
What's the mkhare for Bilbao's twinned administrative body?
Who is the choreographer of The Rite of Spring?
which person created the women in the garden?
Which rural cities have movable object location from Crimean War?
To which countries does the Himalayan mountain system extend?
Who are in the board of Jimmy Wales?
Whose professional harpsichordist's namesake was the Goldberg Variations named after?
Who developed Structured Query Language?
What is the treatment associated with HIV?
Who follow religions led by David Miscavige?
Which is the notable work as a literature work of William Blake?
List all the presidents of the school which had atleast one of the president as Queen Noor of Jordan?
Who is the leader of the nominee for The Heiress
What is the television show whose opening theme is Te Deum (Charpentier)?
Who was the sibling of Silvio Berlusconi?
What are the private university which start with the letter u
Who honours Barbara McClintock, whose top dog is Renato Dulbecco?
Tell me me a music festival whose name consist of the word contest and whose production company European Broadcasting union
Which TV show is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures and theme music is composed by Ron Grainer?
What is forename of John of Scotland, whichhas is said to be the same as is Hanns?
Which statistician is the Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem named after?
Who is the organizer of FIFA World Cup?
who historical country for official residence of parthian empire?
What are the automobile manufacturer which start with the letter z
Who is the regulatory body of the official language of the Republic of Venice?
Who is nominated for Javier Bardem in Nation Society of Film Critics Award?
Which company has a product named Visual Studio and One Drive as service?
What foundation palce of Temenos Group is the death palce of jerzy Jzef Poocki?
Where did the partner of Teriitaria II die?
What is the death location of Saul on the continent of Asia?
What city is a twin administrative to Lahore?
What is the Commonwealth realm with the highest number of children out of school?
Who is the Pole driver of 1992 Canadian Grand Prix?
What is the sexuality of the winner of MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video?
Who is the patient of Charles X of France?
In which mountain Inyo National Forest and California are located?
who won by of honorary title of P. H. Newby?
Who was the inventor and what is the history of the Periodic table?
Who is the team manager of Manan Sharma plays?
What is the name for someone who lives in the German Democratic Republic?
What is the luxury yacht with the highest beam whose manufacturer is Lürssen?
Name some shows whose company is owned by the CBS Corporation?
Who is the performer of Bengali in Platforms?
Who designed the language integrated query?
What is operated by FedExField?
What is the location of death of Antonio Canova, whose category of associated people is the Category: People of Venice?
What is the source location of Thornton Creek?
Which infectious diseased caused by the Hepatitis B virus has the highest number of cases?
Which is the literary work of the writer Dante Alighieri?
List the battles fought by Ali Habib Mahmud?
What is the operator and manufacturer of Boeing B-52 Stratofortress?
Name the sister city of the place where Lisa Nowak was born.
Give me all books written by Danielle Steel.
Who are the sons of Alphonse Mucha, who is the daughter of Marie Chytilová?
Give the lowest volume merchant vessel that was shipwrecked.
Name Najib Razak's child.
Which is the video game for which Gabe Newell is a developer and chief executive officer?
Who is the office holder whose resting place is Monticello?
Name the artist who made Dream Dancing and is often associated with Joe Pass?
Which driver had the pole position in 1994 Spanish Grand Prix?
What is the name of the mascot bulldog of Georgetown University?
What voice actor in Neon Genesis Evangelion uses a working language of Japanese?
What is printed by Johannes Gutenberg?
What is the label of the album whose previous work is Waterfall?
Who is the child of Peter Gelb?
Tell me railroad line whose name has the word schluff in it.
Which animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth is also the film director of Alice's Wonderland?
What location country of AH141 is also the nation of malaysia Junior hockey league?
When is the location born in Jamshid Mashayekhi which is a partner town of Havana?
Where is the birth place of Arnold Rothstein during the time Ardolph L. Kline was head of the National Guard?
What is list of characters from narrative of Mario?
What are some wars fought when Chung Il Kwon as the country's prime minister?
Which is the kingdom of the capital of Bucharest?
Those pledging allegiance to Ayman al-Zawahiri are part of what organization?
What gun has the smallest caliber in the Soviet Union?
what are the product of game platform of deflektor?
What country in Zürich did Hermann Weyl die in?
Name the watercourse located in Canada?
List the science fiction shows broadcasted on BBC HD?
What category of associated people are in Le Mans' twin town?
Who are the women who voiced part of Naked to the Limit, One More Time?
Which rivers originate from Dowra?
What is the member of political party of Angela_Merkel?
Which is the video game company that manufactured Atari 2600?
Who are the astronauts associated with NASA?
What is written by the author of The Book of Disquiet, that has languages of expression is Portuguese.
What magazine companies are of form Limited liability company?
What is the property usage tracking category for SAP SE?
Who was Paul Krugman's main influence?
What company was founded by Verizon?
Who replaced Abdala Bucaram as May of Guayaquil?
What is the twinned administrative city of Chicago?
What role did James Spader play in The Office?
Which is the free and open-source software that is named after Linux?
What do Jim & Ingrid Croce play?
List the name of the soccer clubs whose chairman is Joan Laporta.
what mountains are in sierra nevada?
Tom Petty is a member of which band?
What band made The trial and One of these days song?
Which 2018 FIFA World Cup team played the most matches?
Who gave theuser of theme of Gingerbread Man?
What is member crew for cosmonaut mission of Anatoly Berezovoy?
Tell me me a war deity whose name consist of the word wadjet and whoseworshipped by religion of ancient Egypt
What municipal monuments are located at the head office of the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam?
Which literary award did John Steinbeck receive?
Which is the data set for the event of Juan Carlos I?
What is the birth place of Claude Adrien Halrtius, that aslo has villages, and is 7th arrondissement of Paris?
Which participants of the Battle of Leuthen, had a brother named Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor?
What has attribute of key?
What is the work of Jack Warner awarded as Academy Award for Best Picture?
Who is the toponym of thorium, and has a parent named Odin?
Who is the person that is a political party member of Indian National Congress?
Which member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is sillimanite named after?
Who was the leader of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What country does the Star-Spangled Banner originate from
List the common official language of the ladonia and Empire of Atlantium?
Name the tv show with judges Randy Jackson and Jennifer Lopez?
Tell me the sovereign state of Nowruz for public holiday
What country contains Beijing?
Who directed The Birth of a Nation?
What awards has Loretta Lynn won?
Who is the author of foreword of A Brief History of Time?
Who is the tributary of on harbour of Raotonga?
Which TV show produced by Paramount Television and is located in Massachusetts?
Who is the head of government of Auckland?
Which is award received by pupil of Enrico Fermi?
Which is the island located in the natural feature of Lewis, Dell Mill?
What is the alma mater of Andrew W. Lewis?
WHAT AWARDS HAVE TIM DUNCAN RECEIVED?
Who signed the Declaration of Independence?
List the associates of bands which have a label by Motown?
List all the parents of writers coming from the Great Missenden?
Who is artist of Amazing Grace, whose Christian name is Whitney?
 Who astronaut from NASA was on the mission of Apollo 11?
Name the Privately held company with the minimum total assets whose instance is privately held company?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
What is the music of Symphony No. 2 whose L1 speaker is Swedish?
who genetic association of regulates molecular biology of hsa-miR-4446-5p?
Which is the historical country that replaced the Ottoman Empire?
What sport amongst the one Lagos Preparatory School practices, did Willian Garne play for?
What insecticide has the lowest combustion point?
TELL ME WIKIMEDIA LIST ARTICLE WHICH START WITH THE LETTER N
Which educational institution has Kaplan, Inc as it's affiliation?
What does it mean if you are convicted of desertion?
List the successor of successor of Hayden, Stone & Co.
Name an academic writing author that starts with letter O
Tell me studio album whose name has the word wolf in it.
Which clubs play in the La Liga?
What is the famous relative of Mrunalini Kunte known for?
Who is the empire heading the official spoken language of Latin?
Which city's governing body is led by Bruce Harrell?
Who owns The Storm on the Sea of Galilee?
Who is the developer of the software which serves the platform for King's Quest VI?
Which books are in Bill Gates collection?
Name a relative of Tim Minchin
Who is the builder of the bridge owned by Tabriz?
Who is the writer of Utopia, whose political seat is Lord Chancellor?
What is part of constellation to parent body of HD 74156 c?
Which Greek parties are pro-European?
What is the nae of the band, who started in London, and name begins with Y
What is the career of patron Saint, is he philosopher or professor?
Name the scientist whose doctoral supervisor's doctoral student is John Bowlby?
who zenith of borders of east java?
What is the murder method of Bill Gold that has a genetic association in SORL1?
Who founded Commodore 64?
what are the constellation which starts with v
What was discovered by Urban Le Verrier that Proteus orbits around?
Whose mam is Bertrada of Laon?
Name the tv series produced by Stephen Ambrose and Erik Bork?
Name a building made by the Islamic art of the Emirate and the Caliphate that starts with letter A
What medication treats bipolar disorder?
Which is impounded by the remake of Toshka Lakes?
When did spouse of Lindsey Vonn and end cause?
Where is the principle office of Sciences Po that is in districts of the 20th Arrondissement of Paris?
Who is the role model of Alan Hollingburst whose language native is English?
Which Christian Church has the pope as the office held by the head of the organisation?
Which is the outcome made by Monterey Jack?
Sentinel High School team is known as?
Name a office holder whose predecessor is Edward Douglass White and has son named Charles Phelps Taft II?
Whose commanders are Colin Powell and Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Which geographic region is located in a terrain feature of East Asia?
Which type of building is Qun Thnh Temple?
Which English film has the longest average shot length?
Tell me about partner of Ian McKellen and end time?
Semani languages are spoken in which countries?
What are some shows whose voice actors play the piano?
Name the sitcom with theme music composer as Julian Gingell and channel as Fox Broadcasting Company?
Of those treated by nadolol, who has died from Bumpy Johnson?
What is the name of the City that Christian Slater was born in New York?
Through which label did Mel Brooks produce his movie?
What is  award received  from  Margaret Atwood  that is  working  is  Circle Game ?
who is the writer of Julius Caesar who has a sister named Joan Shakespeare?
What is the specialty sport played by Werner Kooistra?
Which rivers start in Wyoming?
Which is the country that is indigenous of the American English?
Who is the husband of Amanda Palmer?
What is Michael Manley's son's title?
Who employed Gavin McInnes as a contributor?
Name the person whose mother name is Cedella Booker and has a son named Sharon Marley?
Which board game can be said as a mind based game?
What is the common affiliation of the Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt and alma mater of the Duncan U. Fletcher?
Name some schools with a bison as their mascot?
The European Parliament has jurisdiction in what economic union?
What is the capital of the area where Francisco Pizarro passed away?
Who is the father of Barbara Ann Crancer?
What party did Sandra Stevens take part in?
What are the nutrition which start with the letter e
Which museum exhibits The Scream by Munch?
WHAI IS THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT DECISION THAT APPLIES TO JURISDICTION IN UNITED STATES IF AMERICA AND WHICH STARTS WITH U
What is replaces of Kingdom of Great Britain that applies to part is Wales?
Which office holder allegiance is Colony of Virginia and was has a wife named Dolley Madison?
What type of people would compete in a marathon.
In which sovereign state did the Indian Independence Movement happen in?
WHICH IS THE CLASS IC FLAMMABLE LIQUID WITH THE MAXIMUM BOILING POINT
Who operates the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and what is its powerplant?
What is the crafted from of the artist of The Thin Mercury Sound?
What is the country of origin of Claudio Pressich?
What scripting language designed by Rasmus Lerdorf starts with letter p?
When did head of government of Seattle and work period (end)?
Who is the inventor of one-time pad, whose first name is Gilbert?
Name a hard rock band.
From which state do the White Plum Asangas come?
Which city is the twinned administrative body of Cardiff?
Name an historical region studied by egypotology that starts with letter A
Who was the head coach of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2006-7 also the coach of England national under 21 footbal team?
Waht actors are in Romance Revisited: The Songs of Jose Mari Chan?
In what country is Sindh located?
Where are Aureus and Solidus used as currency?
Who is the voice actor in Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
What was Good Will Hunting nominated for at the 70th Academy Awards?
What body of water borders B-29 Serial No. 45-21847?
List the teams for which Bobby Hoppe played?
For what work did Gig Young receive an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor?
Hayao Miyazaki is the producer of what film?
Give me all video games published by Mean Hamster Software.
Which TV presenter theme is international versions of Wheel of Fortune?
Which is the objective of project or mission of the nuclear weapon?
Which piece that contains the favorite player Plautus was written by Richard II?
List the magazines published by Playbow Enterprises?
Who is the appointer of Charles Goodell?
What is the base currency of the country which operates the Marion Dufresne?
Who is the follows for Lothair I which has noble title as monarch of Italy?
Who was Pericles' child?
What's the human difference to Magic Johnson?
Who is the owner of American Airlines
What is the age of the oldest person to have an award?
who daughters of is daughter of Charles IV of Spain?
Which is the candidacy in election for Felipe González?
Which sister has kids of John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer?
Which is co-founded by the League of Nations, which is also a member of American Philosophical Society?
What is the nationality of the J. T. Krogh which is also the sovereign state of the Camilla Martin
Russian is the language of work or name for what operating system?
What is in the legislative body of United States Congress?
What is the name of the sister city of Oslo, where Ernest Sachs was born?
what are some devices made by asus?
Which album has Ellen DeGeneres produced?
Which companies published Super Mario Adventures?
What was Hillary Clinton a student of and what is her academic degree?
Name a student of Max Planck
What is the largest group of species?
Tell me novella that starts with the letter t
Who is the parent of Shunzhi Emperor, who has a child named Bombogor?
Who is the wife of Hank Azaria and where did they get married?
What is Harold Wilson's middle name? Is it the same as Andrin's?
Who is the person that founded the Society of Jesus?
What kind of vessel is the Hubble Space Telescope?
TELL ME THE BIBLIOGRAPHIC CITATION OF MARK SMOOTHING USING SEPARABLE KERNELS FOR CT PERFUSION PART OF WORK?
When did Jane Goodall get married?
Where is on harbour of Kryvyi Rih, which has tributary is Saksahan?
What is the TV host of the copy of Berpacu Dalam Melodi?
Who was Walter Raleigh's father?
What is the longest river in the world?
What are the relatives of the rugby player one of whose relatives is Nick Williams?
What are the cable channel which start with the letter o
What are some people who are on the board of companies founded in NY?
Tell me taxonomic rank whose name has the word variety in it.
In which university did Harlan Mathews study, where Richard Meriil Atkinson went too?
Name the underground railway station with maximum patronage?
What is the taxon present in palm oil?
Who created Batman?
who served as a doctoral advisor for Srinivasa Ramanujan?
Name some TV shows whose theme is made by a band associated with Buckethead?
What is the name of the publishing house that published the journal of the Once-daily gentamicin administration for community-associated methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus in an in vitro pharmacodynamic model: preliminary reports for the advantages for optimizing pharmacodynamic index?
Give me all companies in Munich.
Who is the discoverer or inventor of Hypertext Transfer Protocol?
What work was Sydney Pollack nominated for as Academy Award for Best Director?
Who is appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General?
Whom did Lance Bass marry?
Who is the diplomat of Serbia?
Which is the color for white?
Who was the wife of Rollo?
Who are the shareholders of the subsidiary entities of SoftBank?
By what person of which political party is Balangir district led?
What is the name of the business division of of Reuters that is publicly traded?
Name the Original Public Ivy led by a chancellor that contains the word Carolina in its name
Name the debut team of Dan Otero?
Who was was starrign the prequel of X-Men: The Last Stand
What award did Andy Lau receive for A Simple Life?
What is name after of Maxwell's equations, which has craft is university teacher?
Which trophies has Tom Hollander won?
Who is the writer of Capitalism and Freedom who holds position as president?
When did hotel for location of Manhattan?
Where is the tributary of the Baspa River?
What domain is doctoral supervisor of Yurii Vladimirovich Egorov?
Where is the birth place of Pat Cleveland?
What is the anatomical branch of the adrenal gland artery?
Which royalty's spouse is Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
Who are the children of Abigail Adams?
Who is headed by of party membership of Luis Alberto Sánchez?
What honorary degree award was conforred to Albert II?
who is the elected in for David Lloyd George that has position held as Member of the 35th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Which sister city of Burlington has a county seat held by Yaroslavl Oblast?
What is the name for someone who works in psychoanalysis
What does the Poincare conjecture prove?
Barbara Streisand what nominated and received what award?
Which Class IC flammable liquid has the most no-observed-adverse-effect level?
Who are the illustrator and author of The Hobbit?
German Democratic Republic claimed the territory of which sovereign state?
Name the are where South side Elevated Railroad operate and has place of birth as Arthur A. Ross?
Cologny and Lancy are the neighboring municipalities of which place?
What is the hub of Wan Air?
Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990.
Who manufactured the Delta III and the Space Shuttle?
What are we informed by Jorge Luis Borges, that's known for the Novel The Tell-Tale-Heart?
$3.95 per usage day, with a maximum rate of $19.75
Who is the film director of Alice's Wonderland?
which is the character role for David Hasselhoff that has participant of as Baywatch?
When did socialist state for contains administrative territorial entity of Beijing?
What is the name of integrated library system for SQL?
What is the parent of the taxon plant in the botanical garden of the Glady's Porter Zoo?
What are the current music bands of Chester Bennington?
When was Klemens von Metternich of Cathrine Bagration of mother of child?
What is the hometown of the many-worlds interpretation?
Which scientist's academic advisor is Georg Meissner and is known for invention of Anthrax?
What is the tributary of the bay of Santo Domingo?
Who are the friends of a key event in Hamburg?
Which is treated by of hiccups, who physically interacts with is Dopamine receptor D1?
What internment of Judah ha-Nasi has Chaim Weitzman as its monarch?
Which monarchs of the United Kingdom were married to a German?
What is the ailment of Akseli Gallen-Kallela, that is caused by Corynebacterium diphtheriae?
Who is the city for official language of Urdu
Philadelphia City Council is the governing body of which city?
Describe the work of the theologian Ali Al-Ridha.
Who is the disease for medical condition treated of gold
Who was the director of photography of Mickey's Mellerdrammer and the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth?
Which musician preceeds Parisian Solos?
who movie director of part of series of home court disadvantage?
Who is the team member that married Chryss Goulandris?
Who was the consecrator for Paul VI?
Tell me the TMA most apoapsis
Which papers were created by The Steerage?
Who is the spouse of Charles Laughton and when did the marriage end?
Which is the category for alumni of educational institution of Dartmouth College?
What is the company that has products with Windows RT as its OS?
List the Sci-fi TV shows with theme music given by Ron Grainer?
Tell me the silent film for which D. W. Griffith was a production designer and contains the word birth in it's name?
Who was buried in the Great Pyramid of Giza?
What is the treatment for cough, whose drug interaction is domperidone?
Who replaced Peter Damian as the cardinal-bishop?
Which play includes the character Dionysus?
Give me all actors starring in movies directed by and starring William Shatner.
Which fluorine-containing heterocyclic compound has the largest mass?
Which is the common prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin and Robin kovacs?
Who published the journal Osteopontin as a marker for response to pegylated interferon Alpha-2b treatment in Chronic HCV Saudi patients?
What novels are belong to the genre of Utopian and dystopian fiction?
What movie did Jim Henson direct?
On which island is the HQ location of the Carlsberg Group?
What is phosphine like?
Which reptile is located in Finland?
What is the overall motif of the painting The Art Gallery of Jan Gildemeester Jansz?
What languages are spoken, written or signed in Somali?
Who was the manager of the team Jimmy Carruth played for?
What is the tributary of the reservoir on this river of Sulak River?
What is the prescribed drug of the murder method of Tiny Tim?
What are the television shows whose network's stockholder is Warner Bros. Television?
Where was Alice Walker awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree?
Who was the wife of President Lincoln?
Who replaced Louis XII of France as the King of France?
What's the B side of the song We Will Rock You?
Which is the capital of Tulunids?
Which is the one responsible commander for John Ledyard's headed branch
Where is the work location of Arturo Toscanini on Staten Island?
What was the role of Dragon Ball Z as the voice actor for Masako Nozawa?
Which rivers start at the Brower's Spring?
What was the result of Operation Autumn Clouds?
For what work did François Mauriac receive the award Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française?
List all the houses of United States Congress?
What is the used for treatment of the treats disease of methocarbamol?
Which company developed the language designed by Lars Bak?
Which is the science award that is conferred by the Columbia University and contains the word prize in it's name?
Who has kid of songwriter of The Gold Rush?
What is the ethicity of Ted Falon?
what is political ideology starts with w
When did silent film for film editor of Sergei Eisenstein?
Who discovered Malaria?
What characters are from the fork of the Beatrice Addressing Dante from the Car?
What is the adaptation of the Sneezy narrative?
Who is the founder of Tamara Ecclestone working for?
Which publisher of Lucifer's hammer is also known for Jo Garcia?
Which videogame studio developped Pong?
Where in Austria is the University of Vienna headquarters located?
Who is George H. W. Bush's granddaughter?
Who is the employer of Ralph flanders?
Which battle is Jim Jones associated with to which Allen Boyd is also associated?
Joko Widodo is the head of government for which island nation?
What is the university attended by William Luther piece, who has a subsidiary company called the Natural Hazards Center at the University of Colorado, Boulder?
What are the united states federal executive department which start with the letter d
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
Who coached the marquet golden eagels during 2013
What was Genghis Khan's family called?
Who is the brother in law of the writer Quran?
Who had Joe Purcell and Winston Bryant as lieutenants?
Which country does Roberto Rossellini, who died in Rome, belong to?
Who was Barbara Walters's spouse and when did the marriage end?
What is signs of cause of tetraethyl pyrophosphate?
Who is the current holder of the award once won by Andre Geim?
WHERE IS PATRON SAINT OF PLACE OF RESIDENCE OF JULIUS CAESAR?
What is the capital of the Achaemenid Empire?
Who produced the Pixar Image Computer?
For the collectible card game, what is the game mechanics?
What is the order of the Omar D. Conger where Robert Sarvis was also the nominee?
List the Swedish newspaper headquarted in Stockholm? 
What award did Cherry Jones achieve in the 49th Tony Awards?
What is the magazine which have been founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
West Azarbijan Province, which has boroughs, is in the parish of Kerman Province.
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh?
What is the name of the artery that supplies the liver?
Name some dishes made with flowering plants.
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and it's mouth is Lena Delta Wildlife Reserve?
Which joint-stock company has the highest number of subscribers?
which tributary has the highest watershed area?
What members are a part of the Organization of American States?
Which is the colonel-in-chief of Anne, Princess Royal?
Which recognized title of Frank Thorne is also the product of Playboy Enterprise?
Hubert Dreyfus studied at which college where the school's primary colour is crimson?
In which part of the world can i find Xynisteri and Mavro?
Who is the film producer of the sequel of I Hope You Find It?
Who are the tenants of the stadium which is a venue of WCW Mayhem?
What is the nomer of George Cayley that has the disputed equivalence to Gorch?
With a dissertation of the Systems of Logic Based on Ordinals, who is the Turing Test named after?
What was Warren Beatty nominated for in Heaven Can Wait?
Which military conflict took place in Israel and had commander as Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
What framework and programming language are used in Skype?
What place that borders Saint-Maurice is where Shi Pei Pu died?
What is the work of Jackie Chan who was awarded as Golden Horse Award for Best Leading Actor?
What relegious affiliation of Josiah Idowu-Fearon was canonized by john of Damasucs?
Which company manufactures cars like the Opel Karl?
Who is the spouse of the Sailor Moon author?
Who are the children of the husbands of Philip II of France?
where did soccer bowl take place in 76?
Who is the manufacturer of engine of Jeep Forward Control?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Mention the professional playing partner of Ernest Hemingway
Which is the operating system of NEC?
Which are the lake inflows for Yellowstone River?
What is statement of subject for Ojibwe?
List the driver of SA MArino Grand Prix is also the Pole driver of Canadian Grand Proix?
To which family does korean fox belongs to?
What is orbited by of star of Messier 4?
which district of austria starts with w
Which job uses a brick?
WhO is holding of owns of Tesco?
What award was bestowed upon Peter Scholze as a fellow?
Which country's people have graduated from Ghana School of Law?
What prize was awarded to Steve Francis the prizewinner?
Who is the namesake of Count Lagrangian point?
What was Alistair Brownlee accused of?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Algeria and Indonesia?
Who are some people whose relation is hqed in Gold Base?
Which team did Michael and Ryan Powell play for?
Who is a member of the same military branch as George Lincoln Rockwell?
List the television shows whose Composers are associated with Strontium 90?
What is the set in location of Anabasis whose diplomatic relation is Portugal?
What languages are spoken in Pakistan?
What is the member of Marx Brothers who is in the state of Paris?
Where is the liver located?
What award did Sidney Sheldon receive at the 20th Academy Awards?
Which is the award received for constellation?
What river originates in the Connecticut Lakes?
What business on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange has the largest market cap?
Where is narrative set in of Lolita, whichhas diplomatic relation is Guyana?
What physically interacts with glycine and has a subcellular localization in the integral component of a membrane?
Who replaced Hendrik Verwoerd as Prime Minister of South Africa?
Who is Ferdinand II of Aragon's son-in-law?
Which is public holiday for Eid al-Adha?
What does the Avion represent in the context of the Georgetown University?
What administrative unit did Arthur M. Schlesinger serve as an alumna of Exeter?
Who composed Unchained Melody?
What type kinship is a son-in-law?
What is the mascot of Georgetown University?
What is a member of Aleksandr Lapunov.which has which has a a category called members of the St. Petersburg Academy of sciences for the employees of the organization?
Which is the cemetery with the highest point in Indianapolis?
What character did James Pickens play in Beverly Hills, 90210?
Who is a member of The Cure?
Who is the port city for narrative location of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
Where is Bogobiri House located?
Who is the facility operating shareholder at Mongstad Power Station?
what is the place of origin of the executive power headed by Led Zappelin?
What was Jay Blackton nominated for in Oklahoma!?
Who is the husband of the costume designer from The Fuller Brush Girl?
How was Ross Macdonald murdered and how was CLU related to it?
What religion do the politicians follow, who graduated from the Yokkohama Nationaal University?
Name the country whose leader's deputy is Piotr Glinski?
Name the death location of Judson Huss?
What is significant of songwriter of My Way?
Name the university which has Lieutenaunt general as superintendent and mascot as Gyrfalcon?
Where is the place of burial and the place of death of Rollo?
In which state Penn State University is located?
What are the tenants of Mercedes-Benz Superdome?
Who is the daughter-in-law of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor, whose sister or brother is Friedrich von Brandenburg-Ansbach?
who made from of painting of harvest at montfoucault?
Give me all Canadian Grunge record labels.
List the books by the authors buried in the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians?
Tell me the timezone in Kurdistan.
What is port of registry forTallinn?
Which is the B-side for We Are the Champions?
What are some neighboring cities of cologny?
Which company developed Skype?
What is the occupational carcinogen with the fastest speed of sound?
Who was the United States president who also served as a governor of Indiana Territory?
Who did Joseph Buonaparte replace as King of Spain?
Who gave the co-founded by of has designer of RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile?
What is the associated band of the musical artist who is the producer of The Trumpet Kings Meet Joe Turner?
Give me all Swiss non-profit organizations.
Which cover artist of the The Adventures of Tom Sawyer also the source of inspiration of The Appple Tree?
who is nominated for vmiklos Rozsa that for work is quo vadis?
What is language is spoken by the Gujarati people?
Which is the name of Francis given to him?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Special Effects for The Ten Commandments?
Among the universities having Gyrfalcon as mascot which have Michelle D. Johnson as superintendent? 
What is the bridge with the longest span?
Which is award received of Kailash Satyarthi where statement is subject of is 2014 Nobel Peace Prize?
Who was stepparent of Emperor Wu of Liu Song?
Which U.S. states possess gold minerals?
Which largest city of Salsette Island is also the largest city of India?
Which is the programmer of John Romero?
Who was the spouse of Rudolph Valentino and when did they divorce?
What is the airline company has its headquarters in Dublin Airport?
Who worked at A Goon's Deed in a Weary World and CBS?
What was Laurie Metcalf nominated for at the 62nd Tony Awards?
What ethnic group do the Indigenous people of the United States belong to
List bacterias whose orde is Bacillales and division is Firmicutes?
What are the origins of lynching that were started in the Colony of Virginia?
What is the common palce of study for jack McGregor and Philip W. Pillsbury?
Which currency of Republic of Montenegro is also the currency of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands?
What party was in majority of Fourth Legislative Assembly of Delhi?
Which minor plane that starts with '9
Who is the son of Maria Lorenza Berreneche?
Which is the city and state for the twinned administrative body of Auckland?
Which american football player's current team is Michigan Wolverines and former team was Baltimore Ravens?
Which is the populated place in the Netherlands which shares border with Rotterdam?
Who is the participant of Ludmilla Tourischeva awarded Olympic silver medal?
Who wrote the mangas produced by Masahike Minami?
In what partner town of Santo Domingo was Francis Bedford born?
What is the reservoir of Lake Winnebago?
Which protein interacts with hydrogen peroxide?
Who is the advisor informed by Richard Dawkins?
What are the region covered by Lighthouse of Alexandria which is located in twin cities in Kazanlak?
What is the country of citizenship of the Kingdom of the Netherlands?
List the outflow of Lake Uniamsi?
Which are the subsidiary entities of shareholders of Harvard Mark I?
Mayor John Purroy Mitchel is the mayor of what place which is also the deathplace of William Magear Tweed?
Where is the headquarters of the national museum of Prague?
What is the language of environment of Darkwood?
What member of citizenship is Jean Paul Getty?
Which award is received by Chris Thile for his work in Bass & Mandolin?
Who wrote Harry Potter?
Who gave thefounder of owner of Bigbig Studios?
who is rector of Karl Weierstraß?
What is the timezone in San Pedro de Atacama?
Who are the writers mentioned in Bertie the Bus?
Which fields of the Paul Demiville is also the faith of Koay Teng Hai?
What books are the Harry Potter movies based on?
What is the Vidhan Sabha in Odisha?
which is executioner of lyracist of In My Life?
Which is the treatment that treats the medical condition of gold?
Which office holder owes its allegiance to a state whose capital town is Jamestown, Virginia?
What performances has Marilyn Chambers done as an actress?
What is the municipality of Homestead Grays Bridge?
Which company owns instagram?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Who is the developer of the turbine NSU Spider?
Who directed the sequel to YOLO?
Which inventor or discoverer with the profession of astronomer discovered 90377 Sedna?
Which baseball team is managed by Bruce Bochy?
Who was the head of the Inca Empire?
Tell me the medal received by Linus Pauling.
Who is The Sims: Hot Date developed and co-founded by?
Where is the headquarters of the car manufacturer Lyon
Race horses whose grandsire is Wild Risk have taken part in which races?
Who is George W. Bush's sister that has crafted as enterpreneur?
What agent makes use of communication?
What Author has a Physics book written by him / her, who's favorite player is Democritus?
Which distributer of Glover (video game) is also the publisher of the Super Mario Adventures?
What is zenith of range for East Lake?
Where was Charles V born in Ghent?
Who were the commanders during the events which took place in Sandusky County, Ohio?
To what did the parliament member swore her oath to, whose has sons is Lohan Ratwatte?
Which song that contains the word world in their name
Who is the co-founder of the city where Owen Dougherty died?
Who was John Stuart Mill's stepparent?
Which sports are played in schools affiliated with the Harvest Christian Center?
Which sovereign state replaced Czechoslovakia?
When was Nelson Riddle nominated in the 37th Academy Awards.
Who is the contestant of Carl Gottlieb's work?
Who is the voice actor of the character Loretta Brown from the Family Guy?
For which work Bertrand Tavernier was nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language?
What is the chemical compound of erythromycin when interacting with a significant drug?
What is the constituent state with the highest individual tax rate whose located in time zone is Atlantic Time Zone?
Where is the residence and the occupation of Adrien_Brody?
In Korea, why is the central bank ruled by Japan?
what are some players of England national football team?
what are the nicknames of the people who are in Ekstraliga?
Who are the subsidiary entities who build the Xbox 360?
Who was the conductor of the film score in Fantasia?
What are the academic discipline which start with the letter transplantology
When and where did Henry I of France and Anne of Kiev get married?
Who were the founders of Sea Gayle Music?
Which people were born in Heraklion?
Which content license of the MSX BASIC is also the profession of the Laura K. Ipsen?
What sovereign state uses the Russian ruble as currency
Which Chess players died in the same place they were born in?
Who is the author of Things Fall Apart
Who played Abraham Van Helsing in Dracula 3D?
What is informed of A New World Record played by?
Which excipient has the highest refractive index?
Who was the doctoral adviser to Benedict XVI
Name a kingdom where Romanian is spoken
What is the job description of job posting 225088?
What film is starring the series of The Smell of Music?
Name the driver who had a pole finish in 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix?
To which educational institute does Cornell University Press belong to?
What is the vaccine for Influenza?
Where is town of Al Jawf Region, which has diplomatic relation is Sweden?
During the 18th Academy Awards, what awards were Bing Crosby nominated for?
Who replaced Henry VI of England as monarch of England?
Who is the book for author of Cheryl Strayed
WHICH IS THE HQ LOCATION OF TEAMS PLAYED FOR HAMZE GEZMIS?
Who is the label of The Producers (2005 film)?
What is Vietnam of Japan-Vietnam relations of statement is subject odf diplomatic relation?
Who gave the contestant of series of Bully on the Bus?
Whihc associate of THomas Bryan Martin is also the founder of Pittsburgh?
Who replaced Mauricio Macro as Head of Government of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires?
What is the Wikipedia article for the planet of Jupiter?
WHO IS THE CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER OF GOLDMAN SACHS
Whicn means parent of this hybrid, breed, or cultivar originated Oryza sativa?
What is the Indian reservation of Kaliningrad Oblast, that has local government areas including Udmurt Republic?
What are the books written by the the person who made the Novelas ejemplares?
Which is the dynasty of the country of the Roman Empire?
which website that programming language javascript and which contains the word wincounter in their name
At what position did Alp Arslan replace Tughrill?
Who is the owner of Saumarez?
Who is the leader and office of Tamil Nadu?
who peace prize for award received of Linus Pauling?
What is archivesof Barbara W. Tuchman?
What gene is associated with causing cirrhosis of the liver?
What time zone is the continent of Levant?
Who produced wizards vs aliens?
Where in Israel did Ovadia Yosef die?
Who is the winner for High Noon who was awarded as Academy Award for Best Film Editing?
What cities of Central Europe have correspondence at the National Archives?
What is the sister city of Ivan Turgenev's hometown?
Who is chairwoman party membership of Jack Horner?
who starring of preceeds of agent cody banks?
During the conflict of the Mexican-American War, which branch was Nate Dogg in?
Which place with town rights and privileges has the largest water as percent of area?
Where did Madam C. J. Walker, a member of ASEAN Regional Forum, deceased at?
Who are the chancellors of universities which is affiliated with Plymouth University?
Who painted the Batman:The Black Mirror movie's characters?
In which countries does the sea lie on whose shore is the city of Cumana?
Which is the historical country that had Romanian as official language?
Which recurring sport event starts with the letter t?
What is the film genre and the name of the singer of Long Story Short?
What is the song with the lowest beats per minute whose lyrics by is Max Martin?
Under which president was timothy l. woodruff a lieutenant?
What is the phase point of a triple point?
Dragon Dzajic is set under what government?
What are the baseball teams that start with the letter A
What is Jammu and Kashmir's commune in their diplomatic relationship with Iceland?
Which state is the birth location of Ann Monroe Gilchrist Strong? 
Who were John Steinbeck's spouses and when did each of them die?
What information does Daniel Ellsberg have that indicates the winner is Lucy Thompson?
Tell me me a ethnic group whose name consist of the word sioux and whose language used Sioux
which public educational institution of the United States starts with letter u
What town is twinned with 2NE1?
Deion sanders and Hinkey haines debuted their career with which common team?
What school did the International Olympic Committee's founder attend?
in which country does the river end which originates in Lebrsnik?
Who is the voice actor for Jill Valentine?
Give me the Apollo 14 astronauts.
Name the person who was educated at Harvard-Westlake and won the Screen Actor Guild Life Achievement Award?
What is the television show whose cast members are Jeff Conaway and Jason Carter?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Who is the President of the United World College of Costa Rica and United World Colleges?
What country is Colin Renfrew a citizen of?
Who in starring film High Noon has died from kidney failure?
Which countries led by Elizabeth II?
Who is the viceroy of Tasmania?
What is the name of the Bohr model that has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics?
Name the disease that is treated with erythromycin
Tell me the Wikimedia category for employees of Arizona State University.
Who was Ada Lovelace's main influence?
What is the chemical compound with the least acceptable daily intake?
What award was Gerard Depardieu nominated for his work of Camille Claudel?
which is the constituent state with the lowest indidual tax rate whose instance is constituent state?
Where is Ethiopian Parliament Building located?
Name the river on Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station?
Who is Leo Kanner's Patient?
Who studied the musical score Mozart's Requiem?
Who is the titleholder of award received of Linkin Park?
Who manufactures Coca-Cola?
Who active in of inventor of cosmic inflation?
Which are the characters of the edition of La Divine Comédie?
What were the terms for Hanuman's incarceration?
Who are currently playing for Barcelona FC?
List the common prime minister of the Robert Ray and graham richardson?
What are the regions of the sovereign state of Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County?
In which country is Saint Petersburg, where Modest Mussorgsky died?
What is the foundational document of the Soviet Union?
Which politicians son is buried in Metairie Cementery?
What is the political alignment of Asahi Shimbun?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is also the alma mater of John Michael Seabright?
Where does Christopher Walken reside and what is his occupation?
What is the order of George Frisbie Hoar?
What place, starting with the letter s, has town rights and privileges as well as listed monuments and objects in Salzburg?
What is the official symbol of New Brunswick?
Who is a relative to Tokugawa Ieyasu?
Name an European sport governing body that contains the word european in its name
Which business division does The Walt Disney Company belong to?
Name the Yukon quest with the minimum size of team at finish whose location is braeburn lodge?
Who is the founder of the trade union which affiliates Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers?
What is A Clockwork Orange's after a work by?
Tell me close combat weapon whose name has the word yatagan in it.
Which is the Avion that has home venue the XL Center and contains the word boston in it's name?
What was Bill Cosby military branch while he was a hospital corpsman?
ATP reacts with which protein?
Vladimir Lenin was the head of government of which historical country.
Who gave thethemed after of music genre of Tapestry?
Who received Steiger Award together with Wladimir Klitschko?
What political party has governed both in Baraily,MP and Jowai?
What is the death location, bordered by Gussago, of Carlo Maria Giulini?
Which politicians live in a city led by T.S. Thakur?
What are the republic which start with the letter zimbabwe
Who designed Fortran and won the Turing Award?
What award did William Gibson receive for his work on Distrust That Particular Flavor?
Where is place of birth of Alexei Nemov which is located in the administrative territorial entity is Republic of Mordovia?
Who is the person as child of Stanley Kubrick?
The controlled-access highway is part of what highway system?
What is the working for Leonard Bernstein as Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score?
Which country's people work in the Birdman enterprises?
What are the village which start with the letter w
Was Zakir Hussain the winner for the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary World Music Album?
What type of fantasy film is Peter Pan?
Name the notable work by Russell T Davis which is also the series of Doctor Who:Destiny of the Doctors?
Who are the executive and legislative bodies of Dublin?
WHICH IS THE IRRITANT WHICH HAS MAX ELECTRICAL CONDUCTIVITY
When was Menachem Begins Minister without portfolio?
What hotel located in the Copenhagen Municipality has the greatest vertical angle?
When is the book was published by Zork that was established by David Crane?
Where located the administrative territorial entity of Plutarch whose place of birth is Chaeronea?
Who gave the prequel of of location of narrative of Candide?
what are the metabolite starts with v
In which city of New York was George Burns born?
Who is the coach of Ankara's ice hockey team?
What teams have Avangard Omsk's players played for?
Who was the father of Queen Elizabeth II?
In what city is the Heineken brewery?
Fairy tales are created by which profession?
Which things have been made by artists who died in Midhurst?
Who is the nominee of Jack Ryan?
What city, birthplace of Jonah Peretti, has divided into the Commonwealth of the Philippines?
What type of music does Best Ballads do?
Name a military order that served the Holy Roman Emperor that contains the word knights in its name
who is the head coach of boston Celtics?
Who was the production designer for the movie The Birth of a Nation?
List all the musicals with music by Leonard Bernstein.
Did Ulysses S. Grant's horse have a name?
What are the institution of the European Union which start with the letter s
Which is the death place of Gustav Mahler?
List down all the bands to which the writers of 03 Bonnie & Clyde are associated?
Who is worshipped in Arabian mythology?
Who is the publisher of the video game Space Invaders?
Which country uses the pound sterling?
What awards has Aruna Irani received?
What was the Graduate Dustin Hoffman nominated for?
Name the secular state with lowest exports whose permanent duplicated item is ERROR1?
List the guest of the show The Other Side (The Outer Limits)?
What is the taxon rank and the endemic to of Komodo_dragon?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of associated people of Oslo?
What is the edition of the game platform of Star Trek Online?
Which caves have more than 3 entrances?
Who is the sibling and the child of Ali_Khamenei?
What is the chemical compound of polyvinyl chloride?
Lactobacillus belongs to which taxon?
Give me all taikonauts.
What are some cities which have a Ferris wheel?
What is the award of Al Gore whose 1st place medalist is David Trimble?
Which film genre is voiced by of Aesthetica of a Rogue Hero?
WHO INFORMED THE PAINTER OF MOUNTAINS AND CLOUDS?
Who did Alexander Hamilton marry at Schuyler Mansion?
What is the name of the sister town of the location of birth of Troy Fraser?
Which is the open period for Friday?
Which partner of the Tim Mathieson is also the primeminister of the Mike Kelly (Australian politician)?
Who died in Bartolomeo Scappi which borders Gallicano nel Lazio?
Which imperative programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie design?
Which anatomical structure connects with the stomach?
Which battle did both Steven Palazao and tony hogg fight in?
Which TV show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with ATO records?
Who co-founded the building of the Fender Cyclone?
Where is Snake Island located?
Who replaces eodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo for the position of the chairperson of the African Union?
What is located near the birthplace of Catherine Deneuve?
Who was Richard I of England's mother?
Who is the first described member or NGC 5548?
What was Ludwig van Beethoven a student of and who was a student?
What designer was inspired by Component Pascal?
Belgrade is the capital of what country?
Name the common architecture of the Grand Serail of Aleppo and Shaheed Minar, Kolkata?
what has been developed by John Fanning?
Where does the river end which starts in Mazabuka?
Which is the doctoral thesis for literary theory?
Who owns Chelsea F.C.?
Who attended Great Ayton university?
In which country can you exchange the pound sterling for goods?
What is the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski?
Which television channel is affiliated to PBS?
Where do the rivers starting from Zambia end?
Name an English written daily newspaper that starts with letter T
Name the sovereign state of Wallington railway station?
With whom did Skrillex receive the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording?
What did Ella Tiene Fuego play before it took that name?
What is the twin town of George Cukor's native home?
What is geography of Melbourne of geography of topic, that has Cate Blanchett is location born?
In which country Marilyn Chambers died at Santa Clarita?
What is mascot of took part in Thierry Henry?
Name a book written by Rachel Carson
What film was directed by photographer Laszlo Kovacs and starts with the letter G.
Which BAFTA award did David Fincher receive?
What is the longest river in China?
Who are the director and director of photography of Fight Club?
How many goals were scored by the member of a sports team of David Icke?
What automobile engine's successor is BMW M40
Which was the political party of the chairperson of Josip Broz Tito?
Is Andres Pastrana Arango the current holder of the presidency in Colombia?
What musical artists of Finlandia play the genre of music called incidental music?
What is the birth location of the pope who was canonized by Agatha of Sicily?
Where is the official residence and the office from which Pope directs the organisation?
Who won the Grammy Award for best rap/sung performance with Eminem?
What is the main influence of T.S. Eliot's bibliography?
Who is wedded to chairperson of 38th César Awards?
Which broad cast area od CFRX is the country of North America Poker Tour?
Who uses Aeroflot, they also use Stobart Air?
Who is the actor in the series The Two Mrs. Sheffields?
What is the citizenship of Erastus Wiman?
Which country has Lockheed Martin's headquarters located in Bethesda?
What is the city of the television station whose affiliations is LATV?
What borders the Israel Museum?
To which label did The Producers and I pray on Christmas sign up?
Name the products of Den norske Bank?
Who influence of created by Eldarion?
What is the name of the United Methodist Church's cemetary?
Who lives in Adelaide?
Who is the person whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes?
Which ppolitical party of Yashpal Kapur is also the owner of National Herald?
WHICH IS THE SPORT IN A GEOGRAPHIC REGION WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF CLUBS
Which memeber of South Asia SubRegional Economic cooperation is also the nationality of Aishath saffa?
What is award received of Arthur C. Clarke that is work is Rendezvous with Rama?
Name the licensee of the WRVU who has the affiliation of Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt?
What is the diplomatic relation between Iceland, which has arrondissements, and Arkhangelsk Oblast?
What was Charles Baudelaire's occupation in the English-speaking world?
Who is the sibling of Paul Wittgenstein?
When did spouse of Simon Rattle and start time?
who is the railway bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
when did spider-man performed spider-man?
Where is the country of origin and the language of work or name of The_Hobbit?
What are the bridges whose located in California?
What is namesake of Diffie–Hellman key exchange, which has prize awarded is Computer History Museum fellow?
Who is the fictional person that is present in the work of The Andy Griffith Show?
Tell me race horse whose name has the word tikkanen in it
Which bridge is upstream of the London bridge
Which of the work of Rodin is significant?
Who is in the cast members of The X Files
In the German Democratic Republic, who is the head of state?
Who is the screenwriter for The Birth of a Nation
What geographical region and terrain feature is Thessaloniki located among?
What is victory for Niki Lauda?
What award did Peter Jackson receive for his work, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King?
Tell me book of the bible whose name has the word song in it.
What did Samuel's students study?
What is the country of citizenship of Salman of Saudi Arabia
Name the president of Wyche Fowler?
who actress of series of the deep dive?
What is the name of an embankment dam that starts with the letter h.
What businesses sponsor Oracle
What is the partner town of the birth place of Leonardo DiCaprio?
What is the name of the prequel to Red Dead Redemption that came out for the Playstation 2?
Where was Picasso's Last Words recorded?
Who designed the Brooklyn Bridge?
Who was the goddess Artemis?
What are the reason served by Toll Global Express which is also the country of LPGA?
How is the medical condition treated with subject has role of Doxycycline?
Which is the admin HQ of Lufthansa whose twin cities in Turin?
What are the ship type which start with the letter w
Which child of Jack Ferguson became a Prime Minister?
What is the unit used to measure a physical quantity of energy?
Which film does David Spade voice act in?
Who is the administrator of the hub airport of Pan Am Flight 841?
Who was Abigail Adams married to, and how did it end?
What is the architecture firm and resting place of Matilda of Tuscany?
Who is the human for doctoral advisor of Claude Shannon
What stadium's operator is Stan Kroenke
Ruth Prawer Jhabvala was awarded what prize?
What team is famous for Robert Nederlander and also the debuting team of Gary Sanchez?
What is the name of the awards confered by Youtube?
Who commissioned the Taj Mehal
What is the parent taxon of Chrysanthemum?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
Name the Pole driver of 1994 Spanish Grand Prix?
Who was the stepfather of Claude Debussy?
Tell me medical specialty whose name has the word trichology in it.
Name the country with the most total exports, where Viktor Zubkov was Prime Minister?
What is the river which comes from Southend-on-Sea mountain?
Appointed by John Dryden, who held the position as Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom?
What is trance music?
What is the antonym of fertility - the medical specialty that focuses on reproductive endocrinology and infertility?
What is the military rank of the important commander of Peruvian Army?
From which University Phil Hartman graduated from?
Terry Pratchett was nominated for which medal?
Who is the publisher and the developer of Minecraft?
Where is salon of Tiddlywinks, which has established by is Tampere?
In Wikipedia's vital articles, what is the common name on the focus list of Wikimedia project's with the minimum heart rate?
Who founded International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement?
tell me private not-for-profit educational institution that subsidiary Center for Study of Law and Culture, Columbia University starts with letter c
Who belongs to the label of Ice Cube?
When the death of the Marat has been confirmed as murder?
What was Heath Ledger nominated for concerning his work on Brokeback Mountain?
Under which US president was a politician in opposition of John G Schmitz?
Richard Gant did a guest appearance on which series?
Who produced the prequel for Tales of Mystery and Imagination?
Tell me technique whose name has the word technology in it.
What jurisdiction does Zakarpattia Oblast fall under?
WHEN DID THE SATELLITE FOUND THE STAR OF MERCURY?
Name the company with product named Microsft Azure and provides OneDrive as a service?
What is the musical composition for composer of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
What is signs of effect of acetic acid?
Who is the person that composed La Traviata?
Who gave theacademic discipline of mentor of Hermann Lotze?
What city is located on the mouth of Duwamish River?
What are the Original Public Ivy which start with the letter U
Which artists trained in San Francisco Art Institute?
Who is die from of Jean-Claude Duvalier, that has medical findings of abnormal fourth heart sound?
What the name of a university that contains the word university in its name?
Who is the mother of Herod the Great, who bore him as Herod Antipas?
Is Ardolph L. Kline the director or founder of Stella Adler?
Which statesman is married to Dolley Madison?
Who is the sibling of Subutai?
Who is the human for professional or sports partner of Scott Moir
What is the first described of Twelve-tone technique whose pupil is Eduard Steuermann?
WHERE IS THE HEADQUARTERS OF INTERNATIONAL MARITIME ORGANIZATION CATEGORIZED AND ASSOCIATED BY THE PEOPLE?
What flammable gas with a safety classification and labelling of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response has the highest pKa?
Who is the person that was student of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz?
Who is the artist of Time Radio hour?
Who is the son of the duke of North East Somerset?
What parliamentary group had Michael Collins as Deputy to the Dáil?
What are the ideology which start with the letter wahhabism
What is the voting round with the maximum number of abstentions whose office contested is State Vice Governor of Brazil?
Which twin city of San Francisco has the district Songjiang?
Who is the role model of the author of The Iron Duke?
Who are the daughters of Fanny Fern?
What is the name of the skyscraper that has an architectural style of neo-futurism and that starts with the letter t?
Give me English actors starring in Lovesick.
Which TV show's theme was composed by a band in which Todd Huth used to perform?
Who is the life partner in the musical score by Etudes Boreales?
What are the aspect of histor which start with the letter r
What is the settlement whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy and mayor name is Esther Alder?
Greater Napanee is the home town of what people?
During the reigns of which monarchs was the name to the Israelite kingdom as United Monarch?
Which maintainer of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the city of Soccer Bowl' 76?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
In which city was the former Dutch queen Juliana buried?
Which club of Michael Springer is also the parent organization of Syracuse University press?
Who does Michael Jordan play for and how many matches has he played?
What is follower of Ramakrishna?
What is the lowest profit automobile marque whose stock exchange is NASDAQ.
Name the architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay?
WHO STUDIED THE SUBITEM OF ENGINEERING ETHICS?
What was the location of Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny's death that is a partner town of Amsterdam?
What effect does the disease diabetes mellitus have?
Name an free application written in PHP.
What is the application of Hebrew for the working language or name
What role does Mickey Mouse play in the creative work of Ben Sharpsteen?
What award Katie Ledecky received for Simone Biles?
When is Chinese New Year?
What nomination was received by Kurt Weill, but won by Ray Heindorf?
What award did Kathy Bates receive in the 63rd Academy Awards?
tell me the rapid transit which starts with the letter s in it.
Who worked as the manager/director of École Normale Supérieure?
What degree is achieved by Gustav Kirchhoff at Heidelberg University?
List the institute of Robert hall?
Whose military units are VMF-218 and VMF-155?
What is the executive and legislature body of Goa?
Who is the victim that was conflicted with Stanley Rous?
What was the first Queen album?
Who is the film director for The Star Wars Holiday Special?
What specie physically interacts with acetylcholine?
Who was the opponent of Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset?
Who is the human for student of Francis Bacon
Who gave the musical score of 9 to 5 (musical)?
Jimmie Fisher and Winston Bryant were governors under which president?
What is a subsidiary of Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory that is a private, non-profit educational institution with the word Columbia in its name?
Where is location born of Mark the Evangelist, which has timeline of topic is history of Palestine?
What field gun has the longest firing range?
What party are Siddharta Shankar Ray and Kamla Beniwal from?
Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
What is the seat of Le Monde, whose river basin district is Seine Basin?
Who is in Manhattan Project?
Which club played for Waisale Serevi and has Richard Cockerill as the coach?
Which award was Ron Howard nominated for?
Which satellite is part of the constellation of Sagittarius A?
What are the musicals of the people died in California?
Who did the person whose predecessor is Arthur Slaght, play for?
Which nickname of Lyons Township JHigh school is also the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team?
Who is the mother of Diana Gabaldon ,
Who is the awarded of Le Duc Tho whose champion is Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet?
Tell me Freedom suit whose name has the word dred in it
Give the name of the taxon with the lowest chromosome quantity whose progenitor is Passifloraceae.
Who is the person that was a student of Pliny the Elder?
Name all those whose spouses have performed with Tony Bennett?
From what country is Jacques Cartier, who was born in Rotheneuf?
What is the subsidiary of IBM Power?
What is the name of Ian Fleming's sister, whose language is English?
What type of business does Nintendo work on?
What's the name of the island that includes the word zembra in its name?
Which source country of SamurAbsheron channel is the birth place of Anar Salmanov?
Name the female who discovered the Horsehead Nebula.
Who are the alumna of painters of King Kong?
What is the home town of the musician of Jack your Body?
Name the rive whose mouth is located in Limerick and location is Dowra?
What is treated for legionnaires' disease that acts as an antibiotic?
What is the mascot of Celal Bayar University?
List the relatives of the children of Jon Voight?
What military branch of the air force did Yuri Gagarin work for?
Which is contributor(s) to the creative work of Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists?
Name the person whose relation is Dee Dee Warwick?
What are some seas inside europe?
Which is the single that had the lyrics by Janet Jackson?
Who was Katharine Hepburn married to and when did the marriage end?
Which video game company developed Pong?
What is the literary work that stars The Cider House Rules?
What location was Moria Casan born, that's currently subdivided into Puerto Madero?
What is the excipient with the highest time-weighted average exposure limit whose safety classification and labelling is Regulation (EC) No. 1272/2008?
what is the topic of history and opposite of capitalism?
What award was received by Igor Tamm together with Pavel Cherenkov?
How is formation of James Longstreet, which has parent company of is United States Department of the Army?
What beverage was launched by Ferrero SpA?
Who regulates the genetic association of hsa-miR-5006-3p in molecular biology
What is in the manifestation of Sleeping Beauty?
What, other than Orientalism, is the equivalent of Asian studies?
Which associat of Martin Pugh is also married to Alana Stewert?
Whose child is the son of Frederick William, the Elector of Brandenburg?
how many records were held for sports event of kamal ziani?
Who is the Secretary-General of the United Nations?
In which city was the film star of Singhasan Battisi born?
What is the title of Kakae?
what is the higher taxon of motif of fantastic bird MG 17727
List all the hubs of the airline whose one of the hub is Subang, Indonesia?
What theatre did Frank Gehry design?
What is the prize received by Anne Baxter that has winners like Wendy Hiller?
What are the W3C recommendations regarding HTML5?
Ebola is caused by what taxon?
Who are the managers of clubs participating in the 2014-2015 Football League Championship?
Which is the tributary for Tennesse River?
The trachea is of what anatomical branch?
Which city is the capital of Maurya Empire?
Who is the human for relative of Julius Caesar
Guggenheim family is the cofounder of a company that invested stocks in which baseball teams?
For what film did Clark Gable receive the Academy Award for Best Actor?
What was Alexandre Desplat nominated for Argo?
What is the ideology of the member of the party of B V Keskar?
Which show developed by Brain Graden has theme music composed by Primus?
What is on the coast of Aleutian Islands, that has a tributary in Los Angeles River?
How has John Russell, Viscount Amberley influenced children?
Tell me the road bridge that contains the word 'bridge' in its name and that is designed by Joseph Strauss
Mention the Russian Orthodox Church's eastern orthodox church body.
What is the subclass of Populus?
What is the fate of Joaquin Archivaldo Guzman, who was first described as El Faro?
What are the tributaries of the river which the Incheon Bridge spans?
Who is the voice actor of Super Smash Bros Melee in the character role of Nobuyuki Hiyama?
The successor of Ulrich II, Count of East Frisia was born in what place?
To which city does Northeast Library belong?
Who is the father and mother of Pablo Picasso?
Who influenced the author of I taste a liquor never brewed?
Name the commander of Battle of the Thames?
Where do the politicians, Blanche Bruce and John Franklin Miller work?
Is Brooklyn that has cities the birth location of Richard E. Bellman?
Who is husband of Michael Curtiz, whose first name is Lucy?
Who is chief executive of manufacturer of IBM 7030 Stretch?
What is the nationality of Newin Chidchob?
where is the business for the parent organization of Advanced Micro Device located?
What orbits the planetary system of Omega Centauri?
Name the company with product lines like Visual studio and Surface?
What is the largest lake in Canada?
Who gave the on harbour of player of Gallipoli campaign?
What faith do hang chuon naron and Kron Ngoy follow?
What is the Duke University's university and college sports club?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
Rosalind Russel was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for what work?
Who presents The Tonight Show and when does it end?
Which is the micronation for the renminbi currency?
What subsequent work of Moondog Matinee has the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare?
What system is both a platform where Nord runs and also distributed The beauty inside?
Who has replaced as General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam in Ho Chi Minh city?
What are the signs that led to Aldrin?
Tell me play whose name has the word witin it.
Which is the art school for the field of work of communication?
Which relative of George Madison is the appointer of John Drayton?
Nathan Nandala Mafabi is a Ugandan accountant, lawyer, and politician. He represents ... Nandala Mafabi. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to navigation Jump to search. Nandala Mafabi ... Residence, Kampala, Uganda. Nationality ...Missing: ocean ‎| ‎Must include: ‎ocean
When did the life stance of saint governing text?
Who is the cast member for the role of Bunny Lebowski in the Big Lebowski?
List all the writers of the comics which has Robert Bernstein as one of the writer?
In which country does the publishing house exist which was cofounded by Panos Loannides?
Which is the medical therapy of the cause of death of François-Nicolas Delaistre?
Over which rivers, does a cable stayed bridge exists?
What nonprofit organization is regulated by the association of football?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest standard enthalpy of formation whose physically interacts with is Potassium inwardly-rectifying channel, subfamily J, member 5?
Name an infectious disease that afflicts liver and that contains the word hepatitis in its name
Who is cast member of Ghostbusters where character role is Janine Melnitz?
Which bands are associated to David Paton?
Which is used for treatment of capable of inhibiting or preventing pathological process of methenamine hippurate?
What is Israel's diplomatic position in Israel's and the United States relations?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
What is the country and the World Heritage criteria of Taj_Mahal?
What is the Wikipedia article for natural numbers?
List the outflows of the lake whose one of the outflows is Benu river?
Who is Mersenne Prime's alias whose first name is Marin?
What award did Jennifer Connelly receive for A Beautiful Mind?
What team were the people drafted to, which are in the National Hockey League?
For what was Juliette Lewis in nomination at the 64th Academy Awards?
What is the tributary of the harbour of Duisburg?
Which award did Michael Spence receive alongside Joseph E. Stiglitz?
Name the serving line of Daund Junction railway station?
What sport did Natalie Coughlin receive a bronze medal for in the Olympics?
What are the medical specialty which start with the letter t
Where is the work location of Theresa May whose twin town is Shanghai?
what is land-grant university starts with v
Which organization is Abu Musab al-Zarqawir allied with?
Who produces the tv series which made Scott Haran famous?
Brian Moriarty designed video games written by whom?
What is the vallis with the largest diamater and located in the hellas quadrangle?
Enlist the business domain of AI Jazeera
Who has a child named Lori Black and is resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Who is the author of WikiLeaks?
Who is the writer with notable works like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
What is the Wikimedia list page for The Thinker
Which team of Dan Shamash is also the debutant team of John Estes?
What gravitational-wave detector contains the word virgo in its name?
Which United States Armed Forces is an example of organization?
Which is legislative body of Cook Islands?
who is makes use of sports Martin Lang
What award did Todd Ray and Clive Davis receive?
What is played by a baseball bat that has the field of this profession as baseball?
What is the denomination of S. H. Kapadia?
Name a song performed by Hrithik Roshan
Who is the missionary society for parent organization of Catholic Church
Of what is Richard Hofstadter a member, who is specialist in American studies?
What is the college of the basketball player who lives in Ashton Historic district?
Which is the film for which Akira Kurosawa was a film editor?
Give me all world heritage sites designated within the past two years.
What is taxon parent symbol of Utah?
Where was James Clerk Maxwell born in Scotland?
what is in the modified version of Over the Rainbow?
who significant works of illustrated by of Brown Bear, Brown Bear?
Mention the person unlike of Ian Thorpe
Which dependency located in Norway has the shortest coastline?
Which country are the players of the Atletico Petroleos de Luanda from?
What are the public educational institution of the United States which start with the letter university
What are the categories of films and associated people shot in this location in Honolulu?
What is the name of the ethnic group that originates from Korea?
Which NASA astronaut was on mission Gemini 8?
UEM group have made bridges crossing over what?
What cast member's role is Miss Rosa in Orange is the New Black?
which river has the steepest tributary
What are some causes of death of European Americans?
Who are some basketball players who played for Phoenix Suns?
What regions have the geological type locality of kyanite?
who is the discoverer or inventor of quicksort?
What is the avionics of radar?
Which club of perianne Lones is also the home town of the Kady O'Malley?
Which sequel is Kingdom of Sardinia, whose chef-lieu is in Rome?
What country in the Holy Roman Empire was Innocent IV born in?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who was his successor?
What was Lana Turner nominated for her work Peyton Place?
Which protein interacts with codeine?
What book by Siegfried has the famous work Tristan und Isolde?
Which gaming console's central processing unit is microprocessor and built by Sony?
Who is the artist for the song Welcome to the Black Parade?
Tell me the academic writing of author Charles Darwin that contains the word origin in it's name!
Who was married to Faye Dunaway and when did it end?
What is the television show whose subsequent work is Crusade (TV series) and developed by J. Michael Straczynski?
What lake of São Jorge Island has the Curoca River, a tributary?
What is hometown of Sylvia Browne, that has partner city is Metz?
What is established by political office of Thomas de Lisle?
Who is partner town of Marseille, which has cfsi is Category:Films shot in Marrakesh?
What is gene is associated with Asperger syndrome
Which drug is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
Who has built the stadiums which were rented by the Central american games of 2013?
What position did George V hold that replaced Edward VII?
Who are the crew member of Gemini 6A
What Ghost in the Shell character was voiced by actor Kōichi Yamadera?
Who developed the continent of the Amundsen Sea?
Tell me the medication which contains the word verapamil in it's name?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Who replaces Gerhard Schröder as Federal Chancellor of Germany?
What is the military unit whose command structures are United States Department of the Navy and United States Department of Defense?
What is the mascot of the alma mater of Deborah Crombie?
Who wrote The Adventures of Tintin and what genre does it fall under?
Name the irritant classified NFPA 704 with the highest enthalpy of vaporization?
what is sausage sandwich contains the word dog in their name
Name the office holder whose final resting place is North Bend and was part of Siege of fort recovery conflict?
Which is the youth wing of the Communist Party of China?
Whose children died in North Bend, Ohio?
What is the time zone of Salt Lake City?
What is the alma mater of the scientist who is known for Rational analysis?
Who did Ingmar Bergman marry and when did the marriage end?
Which parent of Wilhelm Ostwald is a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina?
What IBM Denmark IT firm has the least market capitalization?
What is the nationality of Emmanuel Macron?
Who is TV host of part of series of Dancing with the Stars, season 15?
Who is bestowed by the award won from Karmen Jelincic?
Name the developer of Fresnel lens, who graduated from Lycee Malherbe.
Who is the writer of Neverwhere (radio play)?
Who is the developer of the software which distributes Batman: Arkham City Lockdown?
Who is the father of Diocletian?
Which sucessor of George Madison is the sucessor of levi Lincoln, Sr.?
Who is the editor of Hearth and Home?
Tell me the producer and executive producer of The Empire Strikes Back?
What city is twinned to Los Angeles and contains the word  Vancouver in its name
List the universities with athletics NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision?
Name a W3C Recommendation that starts with letter X
What Opera did Pyotr Ilyish Tchaikovsky compose for
What award did Sean Connery receive for The Rock?
Which geographical locale is under Patagonia, whose appointed representatives form the cabinet of Chile?
What is the alma mater of the senator who is the successor of Warren Magnuson?
Where is Emmett Hughes from?
Who was the cover artist of The Adventure of Tom Sawyer also wrote mark Twain Tonight?
Where was David Scherman trained?
Who is the alumna of Edward said that is in the province of Elizabeth
Who is the owner of the South end?
What are the series of creative works that starts with the letter s
Who is the sister of Max Mosley's niece?
Who are the founders of Onyanko Club that speak native Japanese?
What was Michael Curtiz nominated for regarding his work with Angels with Dirty Faces?
Whose career of film starring Late Show with David Letterman?
What exchange does the designer of x86 use?
Who are the developers of DBpedia?
Which baseball team is owned by Robert Nutting?
Which European Broadcasting Union's TV show has opening theme as Te Deum?
List the relatives of the governor of Gabriel Slaughter?
Name someone related to Ezra Pund
Name the route end of the North-South Transport Corridor and Mumbai Vadodara Expressway?
Who is writer of bibliographic citation of Survey of human genes of retroviral origin: identification and transcriptome of the genes with coding capacity for complete envelope proteins?
Where is the capital that is adjacent to the Rewari district?
Tell me universal library whose name has the word library in it.
Which has wards of stockholders of Kagawa Prefectural Road Route 18?
Give me the websites of companies with more than 500000 employees.
Who is the inventor of Newton's law of motion, whose professorship position is Lucasian Professor of Mathematics?
What secret police organization was led by Lavrentiy Beria?
How many male and female kids does Almanzor have?
Which military cemetery has the smallest number of graves with error1?
Charles Willing Byrd was the governor under which politician?
What division does Jurandir Fatori's team play for?
what are the war deity which start with the letter z
Who is the father of Errol Flynn?
Tell me a album whose name consist of the word wall and whose english is the language of work
Who is nomination received of George Marshall, which has champion is Mikhail Gorbachev?
which candidate of John Howard?
What is the municipality of the Brown's Corners, Toronto and also the place of birth of the George Karrys
What is a dynasty that begins with the letter p?
Where Alexis of Russia was born at Tsardom of Russia?
Which is the anatomical location for mumps?
In what year was Edward Heath elected to the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
What is made of an orange cartoon cat, that has gender is boy?
Which reward was The Diary of Anne Frank a nominee for?
What is the Alumni of Marvin Hamlisch, that has Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education cultivating Arts & Sciences plus professions, and some graduate coexistence?
who is is indian reservation of indiana that have his disticts or oklahoma?
Which United States Astronaut Hall of Fame inductee spent the most time in space?
Which office holder's military unit is USS Kittiwake and constituency is Castro District, San Francisco?
TELL ME METROPOLITAN CITY OF SOUTH KOREA WHICH START WITH THE LETTER U.
Which is has county seat has capital of Abyssinia?
Who is born in of George Santayana where the partner city is in San Juan?
Which shows are similar to the ones produced by Phil Collinson?
Tell me about animated feature film for voice actor of Ellen DeGeneres?
What time in human history is classical antiquity?
The Kingdom of Hawaii utilizes the base currency of which government or authority?
What is the allegiance of John Kotelawala?
Who is the voice actor, José Ferrer?
What is the university attended by the baseball player who's known for Olin Corporation?
Where in France is the headquarters of Pierre and Marie Curie University?
WHICH CITES IS ROE V WADE
Tell me political ideology whose name has the word workerism in it.
What is the informed by of the film script by The Elevator?
Name the actor of Soylent Green to which Lydia Clarke is married?
Who is the songwriter of the song, Rhapsody in Blue?
Who is the coach of England national under-21 football team?
What was Saul Bellow nominated for on his work on Humboldt's Gift?
Who is the creator of the series \W\ Is for Wasted?
Which is the meta-organization that is regulated by the football association?
What award nomination did Morgan Freeman receive, that had been previously won by Walter Matthau?
What is bordered by Netherlands Antilles and is located in the administrative unit of Amiens?
Which taxon is named after David Bowie?
Which musician wrote the most books?
Which info. appliance is manufactured by Asus and is the predecessor of PS 2?
Who was the paternal half-sister of Mary, Queen of Scots?
List the common relegion affiliation of khadra Haji Ismail and Yasmin khatun?
Who is the child of Albert I, Prince of Monaco?
Which is the animal breed for Cavalier King Charles Spaniel?
Who is president in the commune of of Neuquén Province?
What chemical compound is considered a Class IB flammable liquid and has a maximum peak exposure limit?
Which label released the movie written by Thomas Meehan?
What is the chef-lieu of the district of Gannaram?
Which FIFA U-17 World Cup match had the max number of points by Adriano Gerlin da Silva?
Who is named after radiography, who had August Kundt as a teacher?
Who was the prime minister under which the predecessor of Derick Heathcoat Amory served?
Which is the drug used for treatment of the medical treatment of Tuberculosis?
What fictional dog is said to be the same dog as Goofy?
What award do Jessye Norman and champion Judith Jamison both have?
What is the name of the place where Isambard Kingdom Brunel died which has a partner town called Tehran
Leprosy is treated by which medication?
For which work Jodie Foster received award as a best actress?
Who was the inspiration behind the characters in The Great Gatsby?
What company developed Mac OS 9 and also brought Tiny Tower to the market?
Who gave theson of of son of of William FitzMaurice, 2nd Earl of Kerry?
Among the scientist known for Manhattan Project who had a doctoral student named Charles Ellis?
What carbon isotope starts with the letter c?
Where are the burial grounds of Willem Cornelis Janse van Rensburg and Thomas Franois Burgers?
What is the nickname of the club managed by Piotr baron?
Which medicine is the essential treatment for bipolar disorder?
What did Drmitri Kombarov fund?
Who is the half brother of Joseph Stalin?
What is the incumbent of the depositary of Convention on Biological Diversity?
What was the influence for the Dutch Golden Age painting that has also represented work of The Seven Works of mercy?
How many times has Magnus Carlsen recieved the World Chess Champion award?
Which is the fruit type of nut?
What is the name of the city that Nadezha Mandelstam died in, whose sister city is Vienna?
Which book publishing company is owned by the University of Oxford?
What isn't of Dave March's thats biological sex is male?
WHICH IS THE PLANETARY SYSTMEN OF PLANET ON TROLD SINUS?
Who is the child of Walter Raleigh?
who is the replaces for Philip VI of France which position held as King of France?
Who is the public educational institution of the United States for educated at of Phil Hartman
Which bridge did Isambard Kingdom Brunel design?
What is the distributing label of StandBy Records?
Tell me the house cat that contains the word мyka in their name
What monuments were made in the Return of the Prodigal Son?
Which is the military rank and the military branch of Manfred_von_Richthofen?
What are the taxon rank and the parent taxon of Neanderthals?
Which is the location of formation and the headquarters location of Microsoft?
WHICH IS THE ORTHOLOG OF GENETIC ASSOCIATION OF TRANSMISSIBLE SPONGIFROM ENCEPHALOPATHY
What is the profession of Henry Washington Younger sons?
Name a scientist working in the microbiology field
Who was Louis, Count of Evreux's mother?
Which river goes through cohoes, NY
Which combustible powder has the least fusion enthalpy?
who is played by next of Perfect Day?
To which persons is Ron Cyrus a relative?
Who are the film crew members and cast members of Game of Thrones?
when was pharaoh replaced by tutankhamon?
Where Carl Theodor Dreyer born at Denmark died?
What is Jerry O'Connel's birth location where John Lindsay is the mayor?
Who built the stadium which was rented by Costa Rica national football team?
Tell me about the lyrics of Billie Holiday's song?
Moon Jae-in, held what position as Member of National Assembly of South Korea and was replaced by?
Who is the person that owns the Dallas Cowboys?
Who is the artist of the albul Up 'til Now?
Which is the language of the writing system of the Arabic alphabet?
Who began the International Olympic Committee?
What empire starts with the letter m?
What is the constituency of the people who died in Lampedusa?
Which is the route of administration for smoking?
DC-3 is operated by which airline?
WHAT IS THE TRIBUTARY CONFLUENCES OF RIO DE LA PLATA?
Which cport of Vishwajyot High School is also the genere of Battle chess 
which office building has the highest floors below ground?
Rickenbacker is a musical instrument played by which artists?
Name the college of Jon Curran?
Name a disease that starts with the letter Y
What are the outflow of the lakes which also has one of the outflow as Congo River?
Who built the stadium which was rented for the 2013 Copa Centroamericana?
Which producer of Wizards and the aliens is also the notable work of russell T Davies?
Where is the head office location of Miss World, whose twin city is Los Angeles?
What position did William Carmichael replace John Jay in?
What did wives composed Please Don't Eat the Daisies?
Who is the musical conductor of Mary Poppins?
Who is the participant of Beer Hall Putsch?
What sovereign state uses the Australian dollar as currency?
Who is not same as Alexander III of Russia, whose tomb is Archbasilica of St. John Lateran?
When did software for developer of Julian Assange?
What is Wikimedia outline of Physics?
Where, in the English administrative territorial entity, was Martin McDonagh born?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
Name the private educational institution in Berlin with the most students?
Which is the animated feature film where David Spade is a voice actor?
WHo gave the lyrcis of Doonesbury?
What are the characters that appear in Nastes?
What is the university whose campus are Indiana and Iowa?
Which royalty was married to ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator and had mother named Cleopatra V?
origin of people who speak japanese
Which category of people is active in Eamon de Valera?
What is that is of
Who is the youngest Darts player?
What would be the twin city of the subtopic of Istanbul's history?
Which company's cars are assembled in Iran?
Name the hockey team which has head coach as Mike babcock and is based in Toronto?
Where is the Home Depot in Montego Bay located?
What are people who live in Venice called?
which academy that contains the word university in their name
Of which countries does Viveka Babajee have citizenship?
What is Stephen III of Moldavia's middle name, which has a Latin script?
Which U.S. state has the abbreviation MN?
Which is the university building for the location of the headquarters of University College London?
Where is Sullivan Glacier island located?
What position was held by George VI and when did he begin in that position?
For what was The Weekend nominated in at Kiss Land?
Who played the predecessor of Live at the Copa?
Who is the headcoach of 2013-14 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team?
Name the species of Panthera leo fossilis?
Which watercraft has the highest gross tonnage?
To what political party do the politicians graduated from Somerville college, Oxford belong to?
What was Wally Pfister of the The Dark Knight nominated for?
What is the country of the Hirth Acrostar and the Cobra missile?
What are the fairy tale which start with the letter w
Who were in the youth clubs that were in season of 2015 Argentine Primera Division?
What is the eponym of Jeans instability who had a career as a mathematician?
What is in the category of electronic component?
Who is the owner of Rolls-Royce?
Name a Luther city that contain the word worms  in its name
Name the television show whose subsequent work is Frasier and opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Tell me recurring sporting event whose name has the word world in it.
Who has been married to both Penny Lancaster and Alana Stewart?
Name the river mouth of Moordener Kill?
Where was James McClure born?
From what country is F. Scott Fitzgerald, who was born in St. Paul?
In which twin cities was Prince Aloys Franz de Paula Maria born?
What is the common school of Chris Marve and Neria Douglass?
What is the secular state of the MIN(PPP GDP per capita) whose diplomatic relation is with India?
What famous work is derived from the one whose lyrics are written by Inma Gonzales?
For what type of work Peter O'Toole was nominated in the Ruling class?
Mahmoud Abbas is a citizen of which country?
Who has daughter with James vii and ii, and is the son of Anne Hyde?
Richard III of England was depicted by which film?
who characters of based upon of vesele zene vindzorske?
Which is the nonprofit organization for the authority of the football association?
Name the television show developed by J. Michael Straczynski and distributed by Warner Bros. Television?
Who wrote Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde?
Who is the designer of the theme Tupolev Tu-80?
Who rented the stadium where the UFC 152 take place?
What is the domain of memory?
For what musical work did Nine Inch Nails receive a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative music Album?
What is the chemical formula of PVC?
Which programming language did Dennis M. Ritchie create?
Who is the partner of Peter Allen that has a career as a stage actor?
Where did Christiane Amanpour receive their journalism degree?
What is the home stadium of the club coached by Justine Omojong?
Where is Charles Nirmalanathan job located?
What can you use to treat signs of lead poisoning?
What was Joseph L. Mankiewicz nominated for for his work in 5 fingers?
What is the label of Next Thing?
who is the parent of my sister carloman son of charles the bald?
Name a military unit whose command structure is United States Department of the Navy and garrison is Arlington County, Virginia?
What is the lake with the smallest surface area that has the highest relative chemical pollution?
To which series does the character of Londo Mollari belong?
Which business is owned by Walmart?
Who has children with Domnall mac Ailpín, who is buried at Iona?
Which party is headed by Anabella Azin?
What is the craft of the Ralph Flanders which is also the profession of Claiborne Pell?
Name the TV show whose network is NBC and is the subsequent work of Fraiser?
what is television in france of regulated
How do you rate the Via col Vento edition on a musical scale?
Who is the leader of party membership for Martin Dinha?
Tell me about the Wikimedia duplicate article about Barack Obama.
Apollo 13 was nominated for and won which awards?
which party starts with the letter z
Give me all federal chancellors of Germany.
Which taxon has the highest frequency of audible sound?
Name the commanders of military conflicts where Roundhead was one of the commander?
What is the style of architecture of Shaheed Minar, Kolkata?
Why does the digital rights management system need to die?
What was Max Steiner nominated for in the 19th Academy Awards?
Which is the direct-controlled municipality which contains the word tianjin in it's name?
What is the source country of reg Lake?
What are some TV shows whose voice actors are from Truckee, California, US?
Which place is adjacent to Turkmenistan that is a member of Commonwealth of Independent States?
who sister town of born in of Huban Öztoprak?
what is the game name starts with z
What is the death location, whose partner city is Jakarta, of Samuel Butler?
What are the party of the politicians whose deputy was Chaudhary Devi Lal?
What is the key incident in the death of Vasily I of Moscow?
Tell me metabolite whose name has the word violaxanthin in it.
Who is the empire for country of citizenship of Vladimir Lenin
What are the airlines whose hub airport is operated by the Los Angeles World Airports?
Which scientist was advised by John Robert Woodyard?
Who is the contestant of part of the series by Edward Mordrake?
The name for the information leark for Juan Carlos I's significant event is what?
What is the former partner of the figure skaters whose current partner is Alexa Scimeca?
wich meansassembly in thelocation of deathatMel Blanc?
Who is the publisher for works by Harold James Mowat?
Who is the biblical figure that is the patron saint of Rome?
What Piano Sonata No. 8 music is associated with the iron overload disorder?
What are the diplomatic relations between Brunei and Canada?
What genre are the songs in Frozen, the Original Motion Picture's Soundtrack?
Name the writer of South Park: The Stick of Truth?
What airlines are part of the SkyTeam alliance?
What border in Croatia subject of sharing between Croatia-Hungary?
What is the protected area whose nearest city is Kenya?
What medals are the leader of Alfredo Di Stefano?
Whic taxon is the parent taxon of Durio?
What physically interacts with hydrogen chloride whose subcellular localization is the integral component of membrane?
who is author of afterword of Nineteen Eighty-Four?
Who plays Bill Potts on Doctor Who?
Which is the category for films shot at the location of A Coruña?
Who started a conflict by overthrowing Idi Amin?
Who was awarded the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in Matthew Fox?
Who was the doctoral advisor of Isaac Newton?
Which parent comapny of hypnotize Minds is the label of the Producers , a 2005 film?
Which writer of A streetcar Named Desire is also the author of The Catastrophe of Success?
Which is the video game that is distributed by Steam and starts with the letter z?
Who built the computing platform MS-DOS?
Which vice president of Warren G. Harsing is also the president of Evans Hughes?
Which is theme music for Big Bang Theory?
Lady Gaga wrote the lyrics for which song?
What has influenced the sculptors of Man in Shower in Beverly Hills?
what is sister or brohter of caligula that has public office is quaestor?''
What is the minimum viable temperature for a strain with a biosafety level of 1?
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
Who is the executive producer of Into the Dalek?
What kind of activity of Lotte Jacobi in Berg an Laim is it?
Who co-founded the journal that published the University panel faults cloning co-author?
Who founded the city where Pat Vincent die?
Who composed the music for Harold and Maude?
What is the biggest stadium in Spain?
Which lake water body has the longest vertical depth?
Which is the public company for the manufacturing of Coca-Cola?
Where did the relatives of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla study?
Who is the prime minister of the successor of Kingsley Wood?
Where did the conflict take place where Liu Mingchuan fought?
What are the official languages of the Philippines?
Who founded a company which served Mid Wales?
Who is the person of the native language of Yiddish?
Who is the discoverer of brassiere , that have correspondence at Southern Illinois University Carbondale?
Tell me the course of Lord Strethcona`s Horse mascot from Royal Canadians?
Who are the former partners of the figure skaters whose performance have been choreographed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
What are the associated astronomical bodies of the Andromeda Galaxy?
Who replaced Lavretiy Beria as the First Deputy Premier of the Soviet Union?
In which country is Sierra del Merendin?
Who is won by honorary title of Scott Cooper?
Who employed J.R.R. Tolkien
Who is the sibling of Christiaan Huygens?
Who originally wrote the manga which was later illustrated by Tamon Ohta?
Who is the asteroid for named after of David Bowie
Name the rivers who originate from Essex?
What are theprogramming language which start with the letter x
What may be prevented with aspirin?
What is the mascot of the military unit whose commander is Herbert Bautista?
Which sovereign state of Sofia has the administrative territorial entity?
What are the international parliament which start with the letter p
What is preceeds of The Marshall Mathers LP, whose genre of music is hip hop music?
Which is the chemical monomer composition of polypropylene?
What is the country with the highest median income whose member of is United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization?
who doctoral student of advisor of Johannes diderik van der waals?
In what country does Mother's Day take place on March 8th?
In which part of Spain did Antonio Gades die?
What is the combatant of the Northwest Indian War and also the ethnic group of the Linda Hogan 
Which mainter of Pandaruan Bridge is also the land of Malaysia junior Hockey league?
In which municipalities does the NYC housing authority own buildings?
What is Beyoncé awarded for her work Obsessed?
Who are some american football players whose high school is Oktoc, Mississippi?
Name some books by Spanish speaking authors.
Who is in the family of the Mauraya Empire?
In which areas can we find the networks owned by the govt of Mauritius?
Tell me ensemble whose name has the word uppenbarelsekyrkan in it.
What is the subsidiary of the business Cathay Pacific?
Which spacecraft Alan Shepard used in his astronaut mission?
What terrain feature of Hokkaido has the tributary Bol'shaya Sarannaya?
What is part of constellation of parent body of NGC 6362?
Which taxon has the longest generation time?
What TV show is inspired by the life of Blackbeard?
Which scientist is known for anthrax and has Karl Ewald Hasse as his academic advisor?
WHO IS THE FIRST PRIME MINISTER MEDIATISED TO THE PRESIDENCY OF SALVADOR ALLENDE
What are the signs of the afflictions of phosphine exposure?
In the administrative region of Vancouver, what is present at this location done by Nicklas Lidstrom?
What books were illustrated by William Blake?
What was film crew member Hal Ambro's roll for Mary Poppins?
What award did Adele receive at that 59th Annual Grammy Awards?
who tributary of portrait of barge haulers on the volga?
What aircraft type had the minimum total produced?
Name the business company where Indra Nooyi served as the Chief Executive Officer
Which is the chemical compound for treating the medical condition of pain?
Who is the compiler of British Gazette whose prime minister is also Peter Thorneycroft?
Gordon Cooper was the crew member for which space launch?
What gene is associated with breast cancer by a Genome-wide association study?
Whose wife is a presenter at WWE?
in what country is belgrade located and when did it end?
What is the citizenship of Ren Romano?
Who owns the airport in Paphos?
WHAT COMES FROM LABEL OF LCD SOUNDSYSTEM?
Which is the adjacent building for Tate Modern?
Who is the candidacy in election for United States Congress?
What is from Dungeons & Dragons' fictional universe?
who chairwoman of club played for of romário?
What is the human being for the Battle of France conflict?
Who is the narrator and the characters of The_Catcher_in_the_Rye?
Who is employing Lockheed Martin?
Zhang Ziyi won the Best Actress award in Asian Film award for which film?
Who plays the current role of the title character in Deadpool?
Los Angeles Lakers is the team of which basketball players?
For what work did The Temptations receive an award for the Grammy Hall of Fame?
WHICH IS THE ROCK BAND THAT STARTS WITH Y
What was the academic major of Larry Page who was educated at Stanford University?
Which board memeber of jimmy Wales also owns Latvian Wikipedia?
Who caused the Napoleonic Wars?
Who is the dominion of the British Empire for history of topic of history of Australia
which concept starts with the letter u
To what sports team does Eddy Merckx belong?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
who cat films shot of birth city of stanisława przybyszewska?
Who publish the Healing Islands?
Who is owner of the soccer club which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What award did 12 Angry Men get at the 7th Berlin International Film Award
Who is the 3D film for takes place in fictional universe of Marvel Cinematic Universe
List the music played in television episode which came after The Colonel (The Americans)?
Who is famous for the portrayal of Bali Ha'i?
Who are the founders of WWE and they are the ancestors of Stephanie McMahon?
What is the field of study and architectural style of Ramos de Azevedo?
which is the for work for Michelangelo Antonioni that has nominated for as National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Director?
What is developed and published on Need for Speed?
Tell me disease whose name has the word wart in it.
Tell me the security agency which starts with the letter s!
Who are the alumnus of Chris Burden whose Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education is exclusively undergraduate four-year?
For what work was Tim Burton's Corpse Bride in nomination?
Who is the former partner of the pupil of Dalilah Sappenfield?
Where is Tahual located which is also the country of Ren Romano?
Can you tell distributor of BP?
Which is the location on terrain feature for Iberian Peninsula?
What is the administrative body of Bilbao?
Which is the voice type of death growl?
Name the tenants of MAsterCard center wich is also the draft team of Antoine Bibeau?
Who proved the theory of Proper Motion? Their surname is Halley.
Which is the chemical composition of drug used for treatment of Asthma?
In which profession is the bricks used?
What are the city-state which start with the letter vulci
Name the lowest Alexa ranked magazine?
What is Roe v. Wade published in and what jurisdiction applies?
Name the common current team of the Avalon biddle and John mcGuinness?
What famous musicians play the remo?
What artist was associated closely with the bare necessities and rock a doodle?
Which part of Adélie Land has a the second-level administrative country subdivision?
Which bridges cross the Seine?
What is an exclave in Alaska?
WHAT IS CIVILISATION OF PLACE OF ACTIVITY OF CLEMENT XI?
Which means location of formation at Apodaca?
Which company owns Sony bank?
What is the  working  for  Adolph Green  as  Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay ?
Where is the capital of Kelsey Creek located?
Name the officeholder who hasa child named Augustus and has an associate named Marcus Bibulus?
What are the biopharmaceutical encodes for INS?
What's the aspect of of history of Georgia, whose's mayor is Giorgi Kvirikashvili?
What is in the district of Tripura that shares a border with Bhutan?
Who is commanded by Thomas Blamey?
What is the order for the Battle of Lepanto?
Who is the founder of Penguin Books?
What is tutor Andreas Vesalius' career?
Which is the Olympic sport that is an authority of International Biathlon Union and contains the word biathlon in it's name?
Which associate musical artist of Carolyn Dennis is also the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare?
Name the capital of Barony of Caux?
What is father's name who also served in military of Carlene Carter?
What is the citizenship of Henry Cavendish whose end cause is Acts of Union 1800?
Which country is the Hebrew language spoken?
Is the name Peter Thomas the same as Peder?
What diplomatic relation for Taiwan is covered by the Netherlands-Taiwan relation?
Name the champion of National League?
What are the poem which start with the letter t
Who owns the radio stations in Alabama?
Has the Pluto's object contributors to the creative work as Shamus Culhane?
Who is the writer of The Sandman, that has significant works including The Graveyard Book?
Who is the seiyu of part of a series of Max Jets?
What is child of of has brother of Cao Hua?
Which is Dennis Rodman's team that is funded by Mr,Submarin?
Who did Irving Thalberg marry and when did the marriage end?
Name the televesion show which has artist named Christopher Franke?
Name the parent company of Ford Air Transport Service?
What are the files founded by Quakers?
Who is the human for field work of Sioux?
Which university is led by Jay Gogue?
Which is the working language of the deity Yahweh?
Who were the participants of the Attack on Pearl Harbor and what effect as the end result of the attack?
What are the television station which start with the letter w
Who is the film editor of Back to the future?
What group is opium in?
What is Jefferson Davis ' federal state of citizenship?
Who founded the Not on our Watch NGO?
what is the capital of babylon?
Who is the island nation for participant of North African Campaign
Who is the commander of the air force?
List some pupils of National Science Medal winning scientists?
Which is the deepest point for Mekong River?
Which is the territory that overlaps Great Britain?
What position did Benedict XVI hold, and who was his successor?
Which is the medical specialty of the murder method of Paul Kruger?
Which famous physicist was academically advised by Benjamin Pulleyn?
What is the second highest mountain on Earth?
TELL ME THE TALLEST OF FLAMMABLE SOLID?
TELL ME DOG WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ULK IN IT
Which city was founded by George Washington and John Forbes (British Army officer)?
Who is actor in the show Born a Gamblin' Man?
Which is coat of arms for coat of arms?
Which is partner town of Indian reservation Delhi Public Library?
Who was a nominee for the Academy Award for Best Director?
Who is the member of political party of United Russia?
Where did anton ausserer die?
What is Ancient Egypt's lighthouse?
What is the name of a painting created by Rembrandt?
What is highest peak of the endemism of Callobius klamath?
Name the show formed by J. Michael Stroczynski and had network as TNT?
What is the secular state with the MA compulsory education (minimum age) whose diplomatic relation is Australia?
Where was Willem Frederick Herman’s born, Varna is its partner town.
What university campuses are situated in Indiana?
What is the subsidiary of which is owned by of Laserdisc?
When and where did Victor Hugo marry his spouse, Adele Foucher?
Which sitcom's company is Paramount Television and is located in Cheers Beacon hill?
What is the sainthood status of Hagia Sophia?
Name a company with one of the key person as Edwin Catmull and produces RenderMan?
Which writer was Salman Rushdie's main influence?
The 3rd African Movie Academy Awards was succeeded by which TV presenter?
Malaysian highway authority has designed bridges over what things?
Where is the headquarters of the school attended by Emir Kusturica?
Who is the doctoral adviser of Richard Dawkins
Which is the category of associated people for Nógrád County?
What is the occupation of Harry Hinsley?
Name the tributary of Bay Bengal for which the river source is Chembarambakkam Lake.
What was Mickey Rourke nominated for and what award did he receive?
Tell me about sovereign state for applies to jurisdiction of Australian dollar?
Who's voice is dubbed in Freemium Isn't Free
Who is the Gaussian function named for, whose recorded religious denomination was Lutheranism?
What song is Andrew Lloyd Webber the composer of?
What is the namesake of Hall effect whose craft is university teacher?
Who is replaced as the Prime Minister of Canada, a position previously held by Lester B. Pearson?
which award did Martin Scorsese receive and at what time did he get?
Which governor of Charles Willing had a child named John Scott?
WHo died in Venice?
Which planet was first discovered by Johann Gottfried Galle?
What is it?
Name the scientist whose supervisor also supervised Mary Ainsworth?
Erik Jendresen is writer and Play tone is company of which TV show?
During the 1903 British Lions tour of South Africa, which tournament had the fewest wins?
Where is the tombstone of the parliament members who served with James Roberts as the Vice President, US?
What is the river one of whose left tributary's native name is Arabic?
To whom was Tessa Dahl born to?
List borders of the admin region bordering Arctic ocean?
acer nigrum is used in making what?
Who is the spouse of Glenn McGrath, and when did they get together?
Which protein can interact with amphetamine?
Is one of Selim I's sons of the female biological sex?
WHO IS THE BROTHER OF URSULE-CATHERINE-FRANCOISE SIEYES WIVES?
What airport has an airline hub for American Airlines?
What is established by working at Terry Nova?
Who is the human for head of government of German Democratic Republic
Name the TV show broadcasted by Fox and presented by Ryan Seacrest?
Who is the sunsidiary entities of Islamic Azad Universpty who is in the department of Bukan?
Who is the original air channel of series part of Werewolves of Highland?
Who is the officeholder of United Nations Secretary-General?
Which TV show's composer is Judy Hart Angelo and executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Which are the cities on the river which also flows in Tukwila, Washington?
What gold medal award did Pete Townhend get?
Who used tuberculosis as a murder weapon and was a sculptor of a pressure volume diagram?
Who was once married to both Kelly Brook and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley?
What is the genetic association of Maleria
What is the time zone in the Kochi continent?
In which film do you expect most average shot length?
What honours were created by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences that were awarded to Barbara Bain?
Which is the teaching method for Montessori education?
What kid of Francis I of Austria was born in Vienna?
Which voting round for Marine Le Pen had the most spoilt votes?
List the judges of Rising Star which is also the artist of Brad Paisley discography?
Who is the editor of Forbes?
Who is the mother and husband of Candice Bergen?
Who was responsible for the naming of Palladium?
What award was Mahershalalhashbaz Ali nominated for at the 89th Academy Awards?
Which country's national motto is Truth prevails?
Name few companies where don berlin and michael sears have worked together?
Who is the Thelonious Monk's patron?
Who founded the superior formation of Weyerhauser, Canada?
For what work has Orelsan received an award for a video clip?
Which mascot of Celal Bayer university is also the nickname of kore Presbyterian Theological Seminar?
WHO IS THE CHILDREN THAT SCOTT WADE TEAMS PLAYED FOR?
What are the death place of the models whose hair color was Red?
Which books were written by Danielle Steel?
WHO IS SISTER OR BROTHER OF SANADA NOBUMASA'S NEPHEW?
What are the origins of Run-D.M.C.?
Who developed the software which is used as operating system of Magic Trackpad?
Who is the musical score by in It Happened One Night that states someone's middle name is Howard?
Who all held a position when Gough Whitlam was the prime minister?
Who was president of Pakistan in 1978?
Who's craft is a model that is Jay Chou's consort?
Which of Henry IV of France's marriages has ended in divorce?
What are the ice honey team which start with the letter s
Who commanded the invasion of Buwat and made Fatima bint Sa'd famous?
Who is the taxon for parent taxon of fly agaric
What is the largest team size at the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race?
What is olympic record of sports relay race?
Who is the producer and executive producer of Full Metal Jacket?
What is the basin country of Sikkim?
Name the river whose mouth place is Old Lyme, Connecticut?
Where did Kang Sheng die that is near Tokoyo?
List the relative of Tim Nanai-Williams?
Who is the son of the parent of Myat Phaya?
Who is the manager of Josh Taves's team?
Wich meansoccupation of clergy?
Who are the parents of Edward IV of England?
What was the work John Barry received the Academy Award for Best Original Score that was not a musical?
Name the region with the least amount of association football clubs.
What will be the effect of bacteria which has prescribed drug of cefizoxime?
Tell me occupation whose name has the word whistle blower in it.
Who wrote the bibliographic citation titled SIV-induced instability of the chimpanzee gut microbiome?
Who is disciple and professional partner of Radka Kovaříková?
Which software uses GTK+ as programming language?
Why did October Revolution got devastated and who was responsible behind it?
What common relegion affiliation exists for udit Raj and Wickramabahu Central College?
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Southend-on-Sea and mouth place is Essex?
Jeff Munn is the president of which basketball team?
Which monarchs were married to a German?
Which Tv series led to Frasier?
Tell me the public univbersity that used English language and which starts with the letter u
Whichi burial place of the Henri, Duke of Rohan is also the birth place of Michel Frutschi?
What is the municipality of Liberty Bell?
What is the largest city of the country which hosted the 1951 Asian Games?
What company made the front row and distributed big top ballet?
Which work institue of andrew Schally belongs to WTUL?
Where was the company who is the operator of Harihar Airport founded?
What forename of John Henry Anderson's is the same as Gian?
Which electronics companies were founded in Beijing?
What team has players born in Dominican Republic?
List the television shows one of whose distributor's divisions is Warner Bros. Animation.
What is the brother of the sons of Johann Sebastian Bach?
Who is the designer of Phahonyothin Road?
Who is the producer and administrator of Q/U Imaging ExperimenT?
Who replaced Javier Maroto as mayor of Vitoria-Gasteiz?
Which is candidate of Battle of Oudenarde, that has diplomatic relation is Japan?
What is the opposite of a superhero
Who is succeeded by a competitor of Hundred Days Offensive?
Can you say which national library has the smallest collection?
Who is the incumbent of the political office held by Arthur Drewry?
For which role did Hrithik Roshan receive the Filmfare Award for Best Actor?
Which is the position played on team or specialty for long-distance running?
Which author of The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus, has a profession as an writer?
Who is the co-founder of Rolls-Royce India Private Limited?
Where is the death location of Amon Goth, which has twin cities named Milan?
Where did Candice Bergen graduate from and what has she established?
What award did Frank Borzage receive for his work of Seventh Heaven?
Name a film shot in New York that starts with letter S
whats the occupation of the members of Coen brothers?
Who started at the pole position in both 1997 canadian grand prix and the 94 spanish one?
Give me all the alma mater of the relatives of Samuek Moreno Rojas?
Who discovered Ceres?
Which bodies of water basin category of Peace River?
What is the territory of the conflict whose commander is Feng Zicai?
What is the name of Suleiman the Magnificent's church?
Who did Hugh Laurie play the character of in the show House?
To which branch Edwin F. Hunter belong?
Who is the Chief Executive Officer of Walmart?
Which academic major was educated by Norman Foster at the Yale School of Architecture?
Which is torch lit by of Li Ning?
The capital of Norfolk is in which county?
What is the birth location of Alauddin Khalji having the county seat of Mamluk sultanate?
What countries are part of the European Union?
The nominee of Albert Arnold Gillespie from the Wizard of OZ was nominated for what?
What role model starred in Descent?
Who dubbed the series Pretty, Pretty Dresses?
What software is used by Ryanair?
Andrew Lloyd Webber composed which musical?
Which key perosn of the Elders is also the president of united World College?
List the military branch of Henry Hyde?
In which places do companies founded in Newcastle operate?
Who is the person that is the structural engineer of Burj Khalifa?
Who are the producers of Marie Sisters?
What is the current translated edition of Tao Te Ching
With which artist did the musical artist of Groove Thang collaborated?
what is sessue hayakawa nominated for in the bridge on the river kwai?
What is the release region of those employed by Honore Daumier?
What are the television shows whose network is BBC HD?
Who played Kunta Kinte in Roots?
What is the admin HQ of Alma Matter and Victor Hugo?
From which countries are the people from who are an academic authority of the Western pygmy blue species?
Who is the husband of the choreographer of Slaughter on Tenth Avenue?
Name a song produced by Quincy Jones that starts with letter W
What is the sister city of the birth place of Giancarlo Canetti?
What is the Team Name of St. Viator High School?
What is the excipient with the highest kinematic viscosity whose safety classification and labelling is NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response?
Which is the magazine with place of publication in New York City and that contains the word vibe in it's name?
What Steven Spielberg was nominated for his work in the Bridge of Spies?
What are some famous artists who rocked a Les Paul?
What is in the airline hub of Qantas?
What sports are played at Vishwajyot High School?
Who is the alumna of wives of Rebecca West?
What is the highest award given in science and engineering by Padma Vibhushan?
On which album is the track OK computer?
Name the cover artist of the adventure of Tom sawyer?
Tell me operating system whose name has the word windows in it.
What's treated by or treats the disease of ether?
Where in Belgium is the headquarters of the Council of the European Union?
Who was the voice actor in The Lion King?
Which 3D film was Sarah Silverman a voice actor for?
What is Diego Maradona's second Spanish family name and what position does he play?
How do you play football?
Who is a member of Leontien Van Moorsel and their start time?
Which is the authority for the congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
What is has father of Guangxu Emporer, that has is daughter of is Imperial Noble Consort Zhuangshun?
Who was the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics Men's 400 metre individual medley?
Which rare disease killed Lou Gehrig?
What is the topic's main category for divination?
In what group Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas were previously involved?
What organization is the parent of Greenpeace Nordic?
Which is the death place in Hattie Jacques having a sister city of Buenos Aires?
Who was the president under which people won the United States House of Representatives elections in 1790?
What are the Colonial Colleges which start with the letter u
Who gave theproduct of of series of Honda RC174?
Which is the triumphal arch that Jean Chalgrin was the architect and contains the word arc in it's name!
In what part of the Netherlands is the Erasmus University Rotterdam headquartered?
Who is the author of Othello?
Where was the accident located of Hugo Münsterberg?
Who is the sister of Claudius whose public office is the consul of the Roman Empire?
Whose wife has sons of Cecil Coward?
Who was replaced by Alfred Deakin as Member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly?
What was the award received by John Huston for his work The Treasure of the Sierra Madre?
Name a musical composition by Dionysus
Who is the artist of music genre of David Blaine?
What are signs of mercury poisoning as a result of using butabarbital for treatment?
What is the basis for the movie Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
What is the subject of The Prodigal son?
Which wars were fought by the commander whose deputy was Robert T. Herres?
Who is the doctoral adviser of Grigori Perelman?
What is the solvent with the lowest Mohs' hardness whose instance of is food ingredient?
Which is source of inspiration of characters of The Legend of the 7 Golden Vampires?
Wich meansis a list of at lawsuit?
Give me some nominees of politicians in the US?
Who was the designer of the Golden Gate Bridge?
tell me version, edition, or translation that edition or translation of Bible starts with s
Which party has come in power in Mumbai North?
What is the compulsory education and the maximum age of the interpol member?
What are the children's game which start with the letter zapp
According to the Wikimedia project of vital articles name the gas company has the least amount albedo?
Which associate of Thomas bryan Martin is also the president of Carmichael?
Which office holder's military branch is Continental Army and vice president is John Adams?
This sentence makes no sense.
Did Jennifer Lawrence receive the MTV Movie Award for Best Female Performance?
The business company Comcast follows whom?
Georg Meissner was doctoral supervisor of which scientist?
Which is the college attended by the developer of pasteurization?
where is located on island for extreme point highest of Cook Islands?
WHICH IS THE ROCK BAND IN WEBSITE ACCOUNT ON PURE VOLUME AND THAT STARTS WITH U
Which famous philosopher died on island Euboea?
What human biblical figure starts with the letter z?
Who is the top dog of Bill Shoemaker, whose top dog is Alvaro Pineda?
What is the forename of John Stagliano, which also has the same meaning as loan?
who is the governer of New Castile?
What's the standard body of Extensible Markup Language?
What literary genre starts with the letter s?
Which is the federal state that was a participant in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Name the organization which developed iPhone OS and the XNU?
Who played the role of wizard in the Harry Potter universe?
Who wrote the subsequent work of One Day at a Time (Em's Version)?
what is working on galactic astronomy, that has a dwarf galaxy Boötes II
Who is the musician a split from of Tell Me 'bout It?
Which kid of Rudolph I of Germany has the peerage Duke?
What is the place of death of the lieutenant of Frank Steunenberg?
Which country on the Gold Coast did Jack Brabham die?
Which artist inspired the Tempest?
Where was Sino-French War fought?
What's the border of Japan, whose language official is Buryat?
Name the psychoactive drug made from Papaver somniferum that starts with letter O
Andrei Tarkovsky won the Golden Lion award for what work?
What award was Dianne Wiest nominated for at the 67th Academy Awards?
Who was Franz Schubert's student?
Tell me the name of armed forces which starts with w
Name a queen whose parent is Ptolemy XII Auletes and consort is Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator?
How is the sigil of Weesperkarspel painted?
Who is the founder of Oprah Winfrey Network (U.S. TV channel)?
Which band had members who are now in The Bleeding Heart Band?
Which is the medical exam of phenotype?
Who married Mark Zuckerberg in Palo Alto?
What is Claude Monet's child's name?
Give me some softwares which run on mac os
Which politicians died in cities built by the Roman emperor Charles 5?
What is a salthill?
To which musical genre does the musician Disappeared belong?
Who developed the Hughes H-4 Hercules?
who tributary of lake of Honiara?
Name an Olympian god that contain the word  dionysus in its name
Who is relative of the people died in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp?
What is the diplomatic relationship between Indonesia and Switzerland?
Which has wards of county seat of of Florianópolis?
Who are between the Battle of Actium with a profession of military personnel?
Name a film set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Who is the partner and child of Constantine V?
Which country is the birth place of Marcus Samuelsson and Samuel of Waldebba?
Who is the TV presenter of Culture of South America whose code is Protein phosphatase 1 catalytic subunit alpha?
People who debuted from Houston Astros have played in which clubs?
Who is Joe Dimaggio's brother?
Who holds the world record form swimming in a pool?
Whom is participating in Battle of Breitenfeld 1631?
What is the christian church whose leader is known as the pope that contains the word catholic  in its name
Who are the characters of the series Civilization V: Gods & Kings?
which is the medical treatment and health specialty of Ebola_virus_disease?
What's the name of the Looney Tunes bird?
Name the television show with opening theme as Te Deum and is composed by Marc-Antoine Charpentier?
Who is the human for founded by of Indian National Congress
What is Kelly Miller known for?
What are the war deity which start with the letter zalmoxis
What is the signatory of ANZUS which represents the Federal Government of the United States?
Does the brother of Fatimah have a Christian name of Abdullah?
Name the presenter of Shirley Temple's Storybook?
Who is the sibling and the child of Jerry_Van_Dyke?
What is the origin of the musical artist of A Todo Romantic Style?
What is the municipality of Catalonia that has the highest population?
Name all the bands which have members of QDT in them.
Who is the Patron Saint of Our Lady of Hungary Basilica?
What was Howard H. Aiken's academic major at Harvard University?
Who is affiliated with Yale University?
Who gave thevoice actors of part of series of The Butterjunk Effect?
Name a parent taxon of Spinacia oleracea
What made jo garcia and merritt cabal both famous?
What is the archive with the most data size whose owned by is Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.?
Tell me me a media player whose name consist of the word woman and whose readable file format iTunes Music Library, binary variant itunes
List all the line of Vadodara Junction railway station?
Who are the winners of the 1928 World Snooker Championship?
What is that river whose source gets water from the Shannon cave?
Name the office building with the lowest floors below ground who just started construction.
Who are the students of Professor Peter Lombard?
what is the statement of subject of award received by Jose Ferrer in 1st Tony Awards?
Which weapons did Heckler & Koch develop?
What are the greatest accomplishments of William Henry Bragg?
Mention the ethnic group related to the Yiddish.
Which flammable liquid has the highest ionization energy?
The head of state of Bermuda is what?
What is the birthplace of Konrad Adenauer, which is bordered by the Rhein-Berg District?
What is located in the administrative unit of Aquascalientes, which has boroughs called Nayarit?
Tell me the characters in the version of Božanska komedija (Debevec).
Which movies were produced by Jim Henson?
Who is the oldest citizen of Morocco?
Which is the historical country that replaces the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Which position occupied is incumbent of United Nations Secretary-General?
Who is the person that is depicted as Mona Lisa?
What's the name of a novel series that starts with the letter t?
Which universities are also known as the Tulane Green wave?
What what is system follows Ediacaran and also which starts with letter c
The family name for the Greek alphabet writing system is called what?
Who replaced Jan Karol Chodkiewicz as the Great Hetman of Lithuania?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
What was the capital of the Austrian Empire?
What is the name of the chemical compound that treats chickenpox?
To which series does Lost special belong to?
Who is thehuman for partner of Kate Winslet
Which is the original combination and the parent taxon of Leopard?
Which is location born of concubine Margaret Rudd?
Which is twin town and death place of Ann Radcliffe?
Who was born in Wem and starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
Which awards has Angela Lansbury recieved?
what is the
What is the common place where USS Camp DE-251 was built, and is one of the destinations of Emerald Air?
Sarah Silverman stars in which animated film?
List sports managers who managed Middlesbrough F.C. and England national under-21 football team?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica and also location of Xianren Cave?
What is the event location of the Battle of the Atlantic, which has a tributary of River Pol?
What is the specification edition of Intel?
Who is the producer of Beavis and Butt-head?
Who is the youngest participant?
What business is conducted at the New York Stock Exchange?
Who gave the painters of series of Bash?
WHICH IS THE LAKE PLACE OF FOUNDATION OF JOHN ENGLAND & THE WESTERN SWINGERS
Which is the award with the greatest maximum age?
Who is John Huston's stepparent?
Which mountain is located in inyo National Forest and has a parent peak named Nevado de Toluca?
What did the distribution of the Children of the Corn 666:Isaac's Return establish?
Which players have represented Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim?
Name the companies which are in cities under Denzil Minnan Wong?
Dennis M. Ritchie designed which structured programming language?
What type of races did Bernard Thevenet compete in?
What is the award of Seiji Ozawa, that was won by Johnny Carson?
Name the TV show whose opening theme is Gary Portnoy and the subsequent work is Frasier?
Where is landscape of significant works of Henry Raeburn?
what is the birth place of Erik Erikson,is he the head of the national Government Kurt Balum?
What are some TV shows similar to the one produced by Susie Liggat?
Who co-founded the region release of An Introduction to the History of Science?
Who died due to Morphine?
Which is first described of Sombrero Galaxy, where member of is Accademia Nazionale delle Scienze detta dei XL?
What award did Louis-Ferdinand Céline receive for his work Journey to the End of the Night?
What is Japan's diplomatic relationship with the jurisdiction of unconscionability?
What are the Christian denomination which start with the letter u
Are Cavendish bananas named after the son of Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire?
What is exclave of Sharjah Emirate?
What award did Saroj Khan achieve for working on Guru?
Who has Kelly Osbourne and Ozzy Osbourne as relatives?
Which is the beam bridge that was created by Frank Gehry?
When did Umberto I of Italy replace Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy?
Terminal Station at Chattanooga is made by architects from which University?
Name the sibling of Loretta Lynn.
What Wikimedia list article lists monarchies?
Name the hockey team whose head coach is Alain Vigneault?
Name the color film with the fewest episodes .
What body of water is Warsaw near and in what is the time zone?
What is the capital of England, it is in the administrative unit of Kingdom of Wessex?
What city was Muhammad Ali Jinnah buried in?
Give me list of people who were the first to climb a peak in the Yosemite park?
What essential medicine is needed to treat leprosy?
Which railroad tracks lead to Bruges?
What are the honours of Grace Bumbry whose leader is Fayard Nicholas?
Who hold stocks in the bank which is located at 731 Lexington Avenue?
What is the  academic major  for  Alexey Navalny  as  UCA (Sin embargo no terminó el primer semestre) ?
Who is the government that heads the workplace of Carl Theodor Dreyer?
what were the responsibilities of Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges as director
If Jóhan is the first name equivalent of Jack Blackman; what is the last name equivalent?
List the software developed by Shawn Fanning?
Who have become famous by movies produced by Laurence Mark?
In which country is the Baku puppet Theater located which is also the birth palce of Anar Salmanov?
In which city the main headquarters of the company PricewaterhouseCoopers are located?
Which builder of Ford Straight-6 engine is also the automobile latform provider of Chiva bus?
Which is the military alliance which contains the word union in it's name?
What did COWSEL's role model develop?
what is the replaced by Kevin Rudd has position held as Prime Minister of Australia?
Who is the inventor of the zipper whose carreer is in engineering?
Where is subsidiary entity built by B-1 Lancer?
Is William Lawson's first name the same as Gwyllym?
According to Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927, when did John Maynard Keynes die?
What is the currency of the country of Kerguelen Islands?
Who are the owners of original air channel of CCTV spring Festival gala 1998?
Of what country is Moon Jae-in the leader?
Who was married to Nikolay Gumilev and why did it end?
Who is the co-founder of Louis Stanley?
For what work did W.H. Auden receive the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry?
Who is chairperson and member of Popular Unity?
What subsidiary entities are co-founded by Google?
Which bay whose tributary is the Kamo River is near the Mariana Trench?
where died Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, that has district is neighborhood of the future?
What professional sport does Kristi Yamaguchi participate in?
Who is the Vidhan Sabha for executive body of Himachal Pradesh
What is geomorphological unit of East European Plain?
What is the american football league whose champion is from Kansas City, Missouri?
Who was the doctoral advisor for Janet Yellen?
What is the country where Sergei Ovchinnikov the volleyball player die, and Gumus was first aired?
Which royal people are buried in Rome?
Which president had lieutenants whose governor was Bill Clinton?
List all the children of Barbara Bush?
What is the county seat of Jerusalem, whose name originates from the Tribe of Judah.
Please tell me the Teutonic Knights' chivalric order.
Who founded the city where First Church of Christ, Scientist is located?
Tell me the national association football team that competition class men's association football and which that starts with the letter f
What country is adjacent to Poland that has states including the Suhl District?
Which license of the Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group 
What role did Lance Reddick play in The Wire?
What borders the birth place of Johann Pachelbel?
What sports team and position did Bobby Moore play for, and how did he die?
Which coach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team is also the head coach of Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team?
What are the five boroughs of New York?
Name the constituency of Jonas Gahr where Sverre Krogh was born?
What is Czechoslovakia's national anthem?
What country is Benghazi located in?
Name the shipwreck with highest beam?
Which U.S. states are in the same timezone as Utah?
Who is the painters for the series By Royal Command?
What is the business enterprise with the highest maximum gradient whose instance of is business enterprise?
What is is the name of the anatomical artery branch of the large intestine?
What are the has states of sovereign state of Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China?
What is the profession of William Luther Hill?
which academic discipline starts with the letter z
Which companies makes cars assembled in Karachi, Pakistan?
What is the architecture firm who designed the grave site of Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta?
What was Jonathon Edwards cause of death?
Who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Dramatic or Comedy Score for the film Casablanca?
Assassination is what manner of death?
What is the television show whose executive producer is Steven Peterman?
List the guests of On Broadway?
Who was the president during the time the opponent of John Hospers was in the office?
What are the houses of the legislature where the leader is called Pullaiahgaripalli?
Which designer of RENFE also owns Renaissance Center?
What child body, located on the astronomical body of the Great Red Spot, is S/2017 J 8?
Who is the PhD candidate for Niels Bohr?
What award did Rex Harrison win for his work in My Fair Lady?
What is the drug interaction of the prescribed drug for focal epilepsy?
Which other weapons did the designer of the Uzi develop?
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
With what company is the service OneDrive associated?
Name the office holder with successor as Adrian A Basora and child as Lori Black?
Who gave themuseum collection of moveable object location of Horse, Pipe, and Red Flower?
In which continent do Air 2000 and Novair International airways operate?
Who is students of painters Elisabeth Vilhelmine Juel?
For what piece of work was Willie Nelson nominated to receive a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal?
Where is the radio broadcasted in, whose sister station is CKFM-FM?
What children did the brothers and sisters of Emmanuel Philibert, Prince of Carignano, have?
What is the health specialty and medical examinations needed for Colorectal cancer?
Where is Sergei Diaghilev's house in the Capital of Perm Krai?
Wikipedia is the operator of what foundation?
What is Ian McKellen's gender and sexual orientation?
Which is the capital of place of death of Mahatma Gandhi?
Who was born in Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in the Nadia district?
Which disease is treated with cortisol?
Who is director of photography for Aki Kaurismäki?
Tell me me a public university whose name consist of the word university and whoselanguage used English
Which taxon can cause hepatitis C?
Who all have been a commander during the battles of Ohio?
Which is the business for the publisher of Space Invaders?
Jeannette Rankin is responsible for heading what?
Which significant scandal involved Nicolas Sarkozy?
How do you treat pheonl disease
Who are the kids of Henry I of England, whose brother is Robert FitzEdith, Lord Okehampton?
Who married the daughters of Mahaut, Countess of Artois?
Al-Waleed bin Talal is the CEO of what company?
Who are the spouse of the parents of Kimberly Stewart?
What was William Goldman nominated for at the 49th Academy Awards?
Who is the spouse of Aaliyah and when did they divorce?
Who wrote The Hunger Games?
What city was Phil LaMarr born in?
What encryption software is used by author Julian Assange?
What is the played by of the before was of The Wiggles Movie Soundtrack?
Tell me Mahavidya whose name has the word tara in it
Whose children are married to Fredric Joliot-Curie?
Who is the rector of Saint Petersburg State University who has awards received the Order\ For Merit to the Fatherland\ I class?
TELL ME THE UNDERLYING CAUSE OF EROSION IN ACADEMIC SUBJECT?
Which country has the diplomatic relationship maintained with German Democratic Republic?
What federal state was replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
Which is the hotel designed by architect Frank Gehry?
Mention the award handed over to the daughter of Alexander II of Russia
J.R.R Tolkien illustrated what book?
What or whom was a major cause of the beginning of World War II?
WHO IS THE DIANE'S RECORD PRODUCER PARTNER?
From where does the river Upper Neretva start flowing?
What country is the current leader of the African Union?
What is the holding company owned by Black Rock with the highest total assets?
Who is the crew of Cosmonaut Michael Fincke?
What is the protocol of Internet version 6?
Where in Egypt did Al-Shafi'i die?
Name the common institution of the Erica Frank and Douglass North?
Who first described ferrocerium and was taught by Adolf Lieben?
which politician is currently ruling over Rishkiesh?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Samuel W. McCall and office in Massachusetts House of Representatives?
What is the baseball team whose club manager's debut team is Houston Astros?
Which owner of Chelsea F.C also owns Evraz?
What is the PLACE OF DEATH of Charles Gordon (artist)?
Name the occupational carcinogen causing Chloromethane exposure with the the highest standard molar entropy?
Which former British-dominated country has the highest retirement age as found in the Jewish Encyclopedia of Brockhaus and Efron?
what role did Frasier play in recurring character?
Name the constituency of Domenico Modugno?
Which Stuttgart Open has the highest prize money?
What is the name of the tributary's river of the lake in New York?
Saores de costa built a bridge over which river?
Which is practiced by fencing?
List the major shrines of the saints whose one of the shrine is St. Takla Haymanot's Church?
What is portrayed by track list of Morning Musume no Hyokkori Hyōtanjima?
What is dissertation submitted to for Gordon Brown?
What is the tracklist of The Wall?
Which is the mushroom ecological type of parasitism?
Which is the brand for Daimler AG?
Who is the concubine of the scriptwriter of The Lady Without Camelias?
Which cities does the Weser flow through?
Which is the exhibition history of Le Déjeuner sur l'herbe?
What is the hybrid of hinny?
Which administrative unit of Turks and Caicos Islands has a AUSCANNZUKUS member?
What is the aspect of the president in History of Tonga?
Who is the nominee nominated for Vertigo at the Academy Awards for Best Production Design?
Java uses what sofware engine?
who top dog of martha raye?
What is the television show whose channel's parent organisation is Fox Sports?
Who plays the role of Superman in the movie Superman?
What disease has the shortest incubation period in humans?
Who is the software publisher of Super Smash Bros. Melee whose division is Nintendo Platform Technology Development?
Which location country of Ennejma Ezzahra is also the origin of Boga?
Which is the nonprofit organization if the formation location of Paris?
Where is birth place of Louis Timothee, which has member of is Treaty on Open Skies?
Vladimir Lenin is a member of which political party?
What is John Bushell's middle name, that is supposed to be the same as Jón?
who is treated by death cause of Jules Ferry?
Who is the human for member of of Beastie Boys
Who is the governor of Wyoming?
Who did Nelson Mandela replace as the President of South Africa?
Who is the replacement as Imperial chancellor for Bernhard von Bülow?
What is the general manager of Bernard Hinault?
What is the irritant with enthalpy of vaporization?
Who is a relative of Ellen DeGeneres?
List the name of those who became famous for something garrisoned at Tennessee?
Twin cities 400 is operated by what city, which is the birthplace of Leona Baumgarter?
Which television film was produced by Jim Henson?
Tell me the sister city of the death place of Adolph Sulyomi-Schulmann
List the people died in Hyderabad and are a member of political party?
How did Eros have Nyx as a mother?
What is the name of the stockholder who worked for Ray Kurzweil?
Mention the chemical composition of water's conjugate acid.
Who is the inventor of Morse Code?
What is difference from Tsardom of Russia,that the official language is Nogai?
What are the lyrics for the hit single by The Big Bopper?
Which daughters of British earls died at the same place they were born at?
What is the furthest planet with the lowest synodic period from the source Otto's encyclopdedia?
Tell me an automobile marque in the London Stock Exchange that starts with the letter t.
What is Buckwheat taxon's source and what award has been received?
In which wars has Steven Palazzo fought?
Who is the writer of mark twain Tonight?
Who composed the lyrics of Holler If Ya Hear Me?
What is the middle name of Jim Ward that is similar to that of Yakub?
Which country were the people from who became famous for the Ramon Mangsaysay Award?
Where all does the sister station of virgin radio play?
In which branch of the government does James L. McConaughy belong?
In what venue did Divorcing the Late Upper Palaeolithic demographic histories of mtDNA haplogroups M1 and U6 in Africa get a bibliographic citation?
What award did Michael Collins receive for his work in The Keepers of Truth?
What are some shows by Comedy Central?
What is the name for someone who lives in the Soviet Union
/Who heads the Empire of Japan's diplomatic relationships?
What is the field of profession for Robert A. Heinlein?
What are the american football players whose former team's coach is Jason Maas?
Which bridge is maintained by Amtrak?
Which is the foundational text for Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What was Fred Zinnemann nominated for in the 26th Academy Awards?
What disease is sodium chloride used as a treatment for?
Who discovered Callisto?
Who is the Wikimedia category for category of associated people of Tijuana
Who is the patron saint of Thessaloniki?
Who is different from Kevin Garnett?
What are the titles of The X-Files episodes?
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh?
who is nominated of Annie Girardot that has work of Les Misérables?
Which is the nearest city to Elliott Bay?
Which kmascot od seneca Academy is also the species of The Fox and the Cat?
Miguel de Cervantes wrote the musical extended from which book?
which flammable gas with the minimal lethal dose whose has effect of arsine exposure?
Which career of Colley Cibber, has a field of this career in the performing arts?
tell me procedural programming language starts with v
What is Thomas Aquinas' profession?
What is the parent organization of the international court of Justice's subject of international law
What was Orson Welles nominated for in Citizen Kane?
What are the boat type which start with the letter y
What did Martin Landau get nominated for his performance at Tucker: The Man and His Dream?
What skyscraper did architect Zaha Hadid design?
What is tournament for snooker called
For what work was Hans Zimmer nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score?
What is Petronas Towers architect called
Name the notable commanders of Army Group Oberrhein?
What is the television show with presentator as Ryan Seacrest and theme music composer as Julian Gingell?
Which is the parent body of Enceladus, that have child body as Hyrrokkin?
Tell me the rock band that has PureVolume as website and contains the word u2 in it's name?
What is the work of the writers of Imidazole-containing N3S-NiII complexes relating to nickel containing biomolecules?
Which shows' opening themes was used to make If We Were a Movie?
name the mountain range of Le Gibloux?
Who is the owner of Bloomberg L.P.?
Which Class IB flammable liquid ester has the lowest vapor pressure?
What is Kesha's native language and country of citizenship?
What is the service branch by Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, which has subsidiary entities including Arlington National Cemetery?
Which is the sports award that Tim Duncan was awarded?
What is the magazine with the highest readership whose publisher is National Parks Conservation Association?
What is the big city for the European Union's headquarters?
What is in the shire of Anhui, where the title of the head of government is Premier of the People's Republic of China?
For what song did Kid Cudi receive the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Performance?
Who replaced Najib Razak as Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia?
Which music band made Take Me There, and to which Tedd Riley was associated?
What woman acted in the mating habits of earthbound humans and is often associated with Mams taylor?
What is the alma mater of the author of Letter to a Christian Nation?
Tell me the social networking service which starts with the letter y?
Where did David Livingstone die?
Which is designated as terrorist by of Boko Haram?
Which is the Norse deity that is partner of Odin?
Who is the composer of Girl from the North Country?
Name a memer of the Oracle Corporation
WHERE IS THE PUBLIC OFFICE OF THE PORTRAIT IF THE LAST SUPPER?
The conjugate acid of ammonia has what chemical compound?
Who replaced Lee Kuan Yew as the Prime Minister of Singapore?
What is the cable-stayed bridge with the lowest clearance whose country is France?
Which body of water is in the state of of Hauge Lutheran Church?
Name the common musical band of Take Me There and Tonight's the Night?
Which is next crossing upstream of Banpo Bridge?
Name the inventor of deuterium who worked at Columbia University.
Who is the person that created Winnie the Pooh?
Who is Kylie Jenners sister?
Moon Jae-in is the leader of what country?
In which famous spaceflight Neil Armstrong was involved?
Which fictional character sculpted by Josh Friedmann was portrayed in Terminator 3?
who is the sexuality of musician Jump?
Who is killed by Malcolm X as assassination?
Which leader of United States House of Representatives was the appinter of ohn Drayton?
Which is the paramilitary that Heinrich Himmler was a manager or a director?
List the destination of Novair International Airways?
To what constellation does HD 40307 f belong?
What sister city to Haifa is the headquarters of Newcastle University?
In all the grand prixes where the first team was Scuderia Ferrari, who all were the pole drivers?
What is the treatment and result of hepatitis?
What show has theme music composer as Ron Grainer and at the same time related to Class (2016 TV series)?
What is the first name of Joel Quenneville?
Who has allegiance is Colony of Virginia and buried in Montpelier?
What company is the one which wrote the google web toolkit and PlayN?
To which sports team is Aubie the mascot?
Who is a partner in the characters of Disney's Magical Quest 3 (starring Mickey & Donald)?
Music by 21st Century Schizoid Man is part of what label?
Who are the composer and the producer of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Which garrison of East Indies Station is also the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Express?
Which is the consecrator of Pimen I of Moscow?
Which disease is treated by drug interaction of flecainide?
Saint Denis' canonization status is?
What is the label of Double Diamond (album)?
what happens in dota 2 universe
Who was the governor of Vichy France, that commands during the Battle of Verdun?
For what role was Rachel McAdams nominated for an Oscar at the 88th Academy Awards?
Who gave the is shown in of based upon of Clark Kent?
Who is Ralph Vaughan Williams's pupil?
What is the taxon data of this milk?
What field of journalism is Aloysius Bertrand in?
Which borough is common for Duddeston and Bordesley railway station?
What category of people are in Odoacer
Which television show's network is BBC HD and is related to Doctor Who Confidential?
Which Christian name from Charles I of Hungary, is close to the name Carl?
Name some software as a service?
What is the city council of Osaka?
Which instruments does Cat Stevens play?
Who is the architect responsible for the architectural style of the Palace of Westminster?
Name the common serving line of Daund Junction railway station and Ujjain Junction railway station?
What is the election to the Parliament of Catalonia with the lowest eligible voters whose candidate is Socialists' Party of Catalonia?
Who are the artists of the songs of Guardians of the Galaxy?
What is the coached by of the teams played for of Allen Tankard?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
Who is Imran Khan's significant other, whose gender is female?
Which culture ministry in South Korea has the largest budget?
Which actor portrayed Batman in the movie Batman?
WHAT IS THE STRAIN WITH THE MAXIMUM VIABLE TEMPERATURE
Whose constituency is Duboce Triangle?
Who has the craft of songwriter and is the lyricist of Dixie?
What is the common region of the braod cast area of ITV and nationality of Ajahn Thate?
What are the Beer festival which start with the letter o
What is the family name for writing the Hebrew alphabet
tell me activity that contains the word ventriloquism in their name in it
What is the name of the capital city of South Australia
Mahmoud Abbas is the head of state of which controversial state?
Tell me the tower that is depicted as Tower of Babel and contains the word babel in it's name?
Who is Russell's teapot named after, that is an essayist?
Which is the enclave within Oromia Region?
Name the feminine name behind the language work of Russian
What is the bell tower with the highest vertical angle?
Which document is the main regulatory text of the Soviet Union?
Who was Oracle Corporation taken over by
What is the name of the star that has a Lassell ring and has the Nereid's child body?
Which current member of Insect vs Robots is also the music composer of Kenny Dies?
What are the city with millions of inhabitants which start with the letter v
Tell me the business of the stock exchange of the New York Stock Exchange that contains the word wabtec in it's name?
What tournament had the most tied games since the 1983 Lions tour to New Zealand?
What city is both the death location of Carlos Gardel and the twin city of Cali?
Joe Hahn is the member of what band?
Who is the showrunner of Creeper?
Who is on the board of Kate Spade and company?
What are the legislative bodies of the parliament in England?
What city is the twinned administration for Nagasaki?
What is the largest metropolitan area in Washington state?
What is the minimum viable temperature of the strain?
What are some licensees of the stations playing in Nashville, Tennessee?
When did Guglielmo Marconi and his wife get married?
Name a symphony composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky?
Which German cities have more than 250000 inhabitants?
Which literary works are from sculptor Arturo Belano?
Which is the political catch phrase that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America and that contains the word destiny in it's name?
What are interdisciplinary science which start with the letter t
Who is responsible for legislating Seaview Range?
Who is role model of subject in biography of Friedrich Nietzsche?
Where is Vietnam Airlines located?
Where is the location born of Mischa Maisky, which is adjacent to the Mārupe Municipality?
To what office did Joe Byrd succeed Wilma Mankiller?
Name the profession of people working with interior design
What's is Weimar Republic's official anthem?
What is the location of death created by John A. Hartford?
Which current Michigan Wolverines team member debuted in Chicago Bears?
What is the county seat of the county which has an Evergreen High School?
Who won the award for which Arthur Hunnicutt was nominated?
Tell me opera whose name has the word zhenitba in it
What are the aerospace manufacturer which start with the letter z
List down all the cast members of Tony n' Tina's Wedding?
Where are the headquarters of HBO in the United States?
Who is thefilm for cast member of Al Pacino
What are the television shows whose company's predecessor is Desilu Productions?
Who is the composer for Jerry Goldsmith?
Who is the artist of Saturday Fever: The Original Movie Sound Track whose discography link is Bee Gees discography link?
Which college of the Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of the Park Trammell?
Who is the person in the significant event of the dissolution of the Soviet Union?
The British Overseas Territory G20 is a member of what voivodeship?
What is the country with native language as Languages of Ethiopia?
What is the order of the Henry Clay and profession of the William Luther Hill?
Where did John Ruskin work and when did his work end?
What business manufactures the Minigun?
What profession are the characters of Dumbo involved in?
Which film was Sergei Eisenstein a director of?
Which types of grapes grow in Oregon?
What is the label of I Pray on Christmas?
who is won the awards of Virgil Thomson?
Who is replacing John Howard's position in the Australian House of Representatives?
Who is the patron saint active in Innocent III?
Who wrote the sequel to The Glory?
What are the other band member of the Bands whose current members is Hynief?
Where did these popular aeroplanes - Focke Wulf 260 and Start+Flug H 101 originate?
What river is in Hertforshire?
Which range of mountains are there in canton of Fribourg?
Who is the daughter of Edward I of England where she died at Belgium?
Which business got substituted by 20th Century Fox
What company made facebook messenger and is the platform where Words of Gold can be played?
Which are the television show which have been created by Donald Wilson?
Name the university with affiliations as Graham Holdings Company and campus at Indiana?
who principal place of state of loreng?
What election has the highest ballots for Thomas Playford?
which is subsidiary entities of service branch of Godfrey Weitzel?
Name the show whose jury consist of Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson?
What is the draft team of Antoine Bibeau?
Who preceded Lucius Crus as an office holder?
Tell me the name of the bank that starts with u.
In which races does Coneygree compete?
What is the series that comes before the 37th Venice International Film Festival?
who is the publisher and developer of Dota_2?
What are the parent and source taxons of Almond?
Which is the work location of Arab League?
What is the informed by of the adapted from of IBM PL/S?
Which business is Ford Motor Company in?
What is the economic union for ASEAN?
What are the historical ethnical group that starts with the letter 'x'
Which is the statutory city of Austria for the twinned administrative body of Bern?
What is unveiled by Nursultan Nazarbayev?
What is the genre of Battle Chess?
What was the language of the single which came before To Know Him Is to Love Him?
Who is the relative of Mahatma Gandhi?
Who is the discoverer of radiocarbon dating and also the member of Heidelberg Academy for Sciences and Humanities?
Name a broadsheet format newspaper that starts with letter T
What is the name of a government agency that starts with the letter y.
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Mike Trout plays which position and is what gender?
What type of employment does the son of Cynisca have?
Who is Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, ex-husband?
What is the Nickname of the school where Jeff Hornacek studied?
Which Award did Jane Wyman receive at the 21st Academy Awards?
What is crew member Yuri Gagarin's Vostok?
List the people who were born in Gelnhausen and graduated from Pepperdine University?
Which region of Bannock is the origin od Spaghetti squash?
Give me the big city with the largest fiscal/tax revenue located in the region of Metro Manila.
Who is the doctoral advisor of Fritz Haber?
What business in the United States has the most registered users or contributors?
Who is the director of photography and the director of The Empire Strikes Back?
What branch of the German army has a toponym of Beer Hall Putsch?
Who is married to Gerard Piqu?
What religion does the country of the Golden Horde follow
What is the genetic association of lung cancer, that has otology as vital?
Did Pliny the Younger die in Brazil?
Name the mountain whose parent peak is located in Mexico.
Elizabeth Alexander and Jared Bernstein served under which Vice President?
Which is the federal state for the head of state Donald Trump?
What is the Nickname of Daniel O'Regan?
Who is represented by the spouse?
What nation is Hornito located in, where Jamie Bateman Cayn died too?
Which man founded LaVeyan Satanism?
Which is the GUI toolkit of framework for iOS?
which play game starts with w
Which sport at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the field of Jon speelman?
Who was the significant person during the trial Brown v. Board of Education?
What is the country of citizenship and the religion of Elizabeth_Smart?
Who is the first minister of American Gothic?
Who are the current members of Insects vs Robots?
What actor from The Truman Show was educated at the Peabody Institute?
What film series does Plane Daffy star in?
Who is the novelist of the work a song of ice and fire?
What is award received from Wong Kar - wai that is working is Wild Being Days?
When did chairperson of Communist Party of China and followed by?
In which city is Arsenal Cider House? located?
Who was the previous captain of Soyuz TM-32
What is the main subject of the detective fiction?
What is the lead award of Christine Leigh Heyrman?
tell me that aerospace manufacturer which contains the word zeebruges on its own name.
Wich meansconjugate base in ammonium cation?
What business is Verizon involved with?
who is the member of Michel Platini sports team and how many did points/goals/set score?
What is the soundtrack album of Symphony No. 5?
tell me castle whose name has the word odenburg in it
What´s the musical score by the Nutcracker, that has representatived the work of Violin Concerto
Who is the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo?
Where did ed podolak go to high school
Who is discoverer of musical instrument of Sidney Bechet?
Which country has the highest quality of life according to the international center for settlement of investment disputes.
Which characters has Jerry Seinfeld played?
What was the work of Francis Ford Coppola nominated as Academy Award for Best Director?
Which country's largest city is Lima?
What is the gravity dam with the most hydraulic head whose located on terrain feature is Columbia River?
What is the main business of Paris?
Which sports are played at institues in Taguig?
Which is the main subject for history of religions?
When Giuseppe Acrimboldo held his position as a court painter, who was his employer?
who is nominee of favorite player of Ray Bradbury?
What are the music term which start with the letter V
was wolfgang amadeus mozart given birth to in Salzburg?
What country is the current leader of the African Union?
In which city wasThe Triple Door (The Courage album) performed live?
For what film did Christopher Nolan receive the nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director?
To which american football teams does the Heinz Field serve as home stadium?
Who all have written songs that were then recorded in the Criteria Studios?
What is the murder method of Karl Donitz, that is carvedilol?
By which companies is RENFE Class 333 designed?
What is the governing body of Burro Flats Painted Cave?
What award did Alejandro González Iñárritu receive for Birdman?
Which currency is used by the record label of the Way to Your Heart?
Who is the partner for Helen Hunt?
Which is the medical treatment of psychotherapy?
Which New Mexico company provides One Drive as a service?
Stan Van Gundy serves as a head coach and president for which basketball team?
What are the Avion which start with the letter washington
Who is the developer of wave equation with member of Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
Which countries came together to serve a greater purpose and founded South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation?
What is the name of the capital of Estonia whose first letter is T?
What is the alma mater of the Marshall Fletcher McCallie and has affiliation with Vanderbilt University Medical Center?
What is the catalog of traditional Chinese characters for writing system
What is the subitem of the history of Morocco, which has diplomatic relation to Russia?
What W. H. Auden honors did Joan Didion win?
Port Harcourt shares the border with who?
What is the category of Susan Luery's work?
who is managed by exchange of Unisys?
The country of Catania has which cities?
Where is the sculptors of male Smurfs?
Who was born in Monterrey?
which is the song lyric created by Irving berlin?
Where did Paul Verlaine die, whose Prime Minister is Jean Sylvain Bailly?
What do you call the incarnation of Jesus Christ?
What San Francisco Bay tributary is the Iburi-Horobetsu River?
From where did Richard von Weizsacker win the recognition title of 1st place medalist of Medecins Sans Frontiers?
Give the name of the gram-negative strain that has the highest maximum viable temperature.
What is the country club with the lowest slope located in New Jersey?
Which award did Patrick Modiano receive for his work on Les Boulevards de ceinture?
List the main ingredient of Pizza-ghetti?
Which endemism of emu has diplomatic relations with Peru?
In which race did Coneygree the racehorse and Fergie Sutherland the horse trainer participate?
Name the Artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin?
Which city do both Arthur Ross and Edward Niesen come from?
What is the chemical structure of polypropylene?
How long it the Jurassic Park game take to complete?
Which medical subfield studies cancer?
Charles the Bald position is what and he got his position after which person?
Which models were featured in Playboy Playmates 1954?
What were robert sarvis and JAck Ryan nominated for?
What is economic branch member of Leroy Merlin?
Give me a list of everyone who married the musicians signed up with Pablo Records?
Who is the screenwriter of Mr. Bean?
Who is the prime minister that Michael Jeffery served?
Where are tennis leagues in Indore?
What is the genre of Honeysuckle Rose, and who is the lead actress?
Who is the anion for conjugate base of sulfate ion
What is Palace of Westminster's architect and heritage designation?
To whome did Anna Jagiellon get married to and where were they married?
What sovereign state belonging to the International Finance Corporation has the lowest unemployment rate?
Which writer of the Snaman is also the writer of Neverwher?
In what county seat does La Monte Young work?
Name the water body comprised of the Paramaribo
who is marry accused of Kirkorov vs Aroyan Scandal?
Which destination of the Novair International Airway is the source origin of Spaghetti squash?
Which team won the American Football League?
Who is the player that was part of the player event of Juan Gris?
List the common sports played by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
Name the mouth country of Upper Neretva?
who is author of Eugénie Grandet
Who are the daughters of the author of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon?
Tell me the ship type whose name has the word whaleback in it
What is the fictional universe described in Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Name someone born in Cleveland?
David Letterman is producer?
Who is the admin HQ of the movie studio for Dinner for Schmucks?
Name the hubs of the airlines whose headquarters is in the Subang Interchange?
Who is the actor who played Lord Voldemort and is in the LEGO BATMAN Movie.
What is Julian Assange's occupant's embassy?
What is Ivan Pyryev's middle name, which is the same as Juan's?
Who all have been a president of educational institutes in Paud?
Who won a Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Which is the birthplace of J.Edgar Hoover in the territory identical with District of Columbia?
Tell me about member of of George Lincoln Rockwell and military rank?
Who is venerated in Judaism and Islam?
What member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences is coined of calcium?
Name the largest city of the country where the body of Amit Saigal was discovered?
 Name the city whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice and has leader as Luigi Brugnaro?
Tell meacademic major whose name has the word theory in it.
Name some people working at someplace owned by News Corp.
What country is Siege of Constantinople from? Are they from Asia
Wuala was developed by what owner?
In what Olympic event did Grant Hacket win the silver medal?
Where did Goran Cengic die?
Tell me the civic building that is located in the street of Pennsylvania Avenue and whose name contains the word house.
Who is the military general buried in St Mary's Church, Battersea?
List the things for which the relatives of Mrunalini Kunte are known?
How much mauna loa volcano monitored by indian reserve?
What is the name of a private not for profit educational institution that starts with the letter u.
What are the legislative and executive bodies of Arunachal Pradesh?
Who is the member of Monsterrat who held an associate member role?
List the country of Tokaj wine region?
Who is the winner for family tiles for the comedy series writing?
List all the notable work of the screen writer who produced Frasier?
Which parties have their members live in the PM House, Colombo?
when did member of coined molybdenum?
Who is the composer of All We Know?
What are the coordinates of the headquarters of Zibo?
What is the champ of Benny Goodman, that was also the champ of Carol Burnett?
Who is voice dubber mentioned in of Creeper?
Which Seyfert galaxy has the largest apparent magnitude?
In the specialism of Astronomy, who discovered NGC 6302?
Which television show's theme music composer is Gary Portnoy and subsequent work is Frasier?
Name the character role played by Bobby Ewing as a cast memeber of Dallas?
What is the science of the study of Bengali literature?
Which city has the oldest running metro?
Tell me economic activity whose name has the word vehices in it name
What religion do the Wickramabahu Centeral College and Neungin High School both follow?
Who is L'eroe cinese married to?
What is a follower of Swami Vivekananda called?
Panthera leo fossils and Liger belong to which species?
Who has a tomb in All Saints' Church and wrote Ninety-five Theses?
What sport has made Eric Schiller famous, and has employed Craig Van Tibury?
When did monument for depicts of Dante Alighieri?
What is the sports of the specialism of Angelo Piffarerio?
Which nation hosts the WTA Tour Championships?
Which brand is located in Barcelona?
Who is the singer who performs Break it to Me Gently?
Which public company has the most debt?
What is the game artist for Naoto Ohshima?
Which is the death place of J. P. Morgan?
What commodityis managed by Frontier Mine?
What are theAmerican football team which start with the letter w
In which country does the Auckland rugby union team play?
What is located on terrain feature of Multonmah Falls?
Name the party of Indira Gandhi?
What authority regulates the Russian language?
Which American football player is a former team player of Indianapolis Colts and current team is Michigan Wolverines?
Name a civil aircraft operated by American Airlines.
Which headcoach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team, 2008-09 was also the coach of Marquette Golden Eagles team?
Name a nationalist political party that contains the word patriots  in its name
Who died in Francois Villon, which has diplomatic relation with Germany?
To whom did Katharine Hepburn get married and when did it end?
what is the work for Neil Gaiman has award received as Locus Award for Best Collection?
What is the personal name of Jan Swammerdam, whose audio language is Swedish?
Where did the graduates of Memphis, Tenessee continue their education?
what is the country of Patricio Aylwin has place of death as Santiago?
Name all sitcoms whose theme music is made by Miley Cyrus?
For what work Robert Altman has nominated for Academy award for best director?
Who is the protein for physically interacts with of diazepam
Whose academic advisor works at the St George's Hospital?
What Janet Jackson song did the performer sing?
Whose leaders are Willem-Alexander and Fredis Refunjol?
Who are the biological parents of Dannielynn Birkhead?
what is w3c recommendation starts with x
What sports are played by school which owns Fr. Agnel Stadium?
Who holds shares in something famous for the Seven Spring Mountain Resort?
where did Alfred Tarnowski die?
Who gave the academic subject of part of work of The Cdc14B-Cdh1-Plk1 axis controls the G2 DNA-damage-response checkpoint?
Under which president did the predecessor of Simon Ferro work?
What is the television show whose theme music is by Primus?
What are the notable commanders of the army whose one of the notable commanders is Paul Hausser?
Who is graduated from Georges Dumézil whose parent company is Centre de Recherches sur la Pensée Antique?
Name the television program voiced by Isaac Hayes and aired on Comedy Central?
Which animator of Tommy Ticker's Tooth is also the director of The Haunted house?
Who all play for the teams performing in the united center?
WHICH IS THE CABLE STAYED BRIDGE WITH THE MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SPANS
which award has been won by Claudia Moro?
What is the namesake of Maxwell relations, whose place of work is Cambridge?
What is the etymology of Lenz's law, that has crafted the university teacher?
Which songwriter of Suite bergamasque died in Paris?
What are some scientists who have stateless citizenship?
List the film starring of the movies whose editor is Harvey Rosenstock?
What is the river whose mouth locations are Arctic Ocean and Laptev Sea?
What is the Christian name of Kate Moss, the one that has the Latin script?
Tell me the data sterilization format that starts with the letter 'y'.
Which is military branch of engineering?
What is the group of Arab League nations called?
What is contains of working environment of Frederick II of Prussia?
who is nominated for Natalie Wood that has work of Splendor in the Grass?
who is founded by and where is the country of Assassins?
What is the profession of taxidermy?
The Seventh-day Adventist Church practices which religion?
Who is the person with the lowest score in ski jumping.
List all the tenants of the stadium where the WWF Summer Slam 2004 took place.
Who is the composer of Die Walküre?
What are the hydroxide salts which start with the letter hydroxide
Who invented the Hamiltonian mechanics that consisted the members of National Academy of Science?
Name the record label behind the surge of Suge Knight
what are the newscast which start with the letter w
What show has Sirius XM Holdings and Fox Sports Radio as channels?
Where is the place of formation of Clannad that has the associated people from Gweedore?
Which artist married to Lee Krasner?
What is the alma mater of the scientist whose PhD advisor is Jean-Claude Latombe?
Former champion Francisco Alarcon gave what award to Art Spiegelaman?
The film Battleship Potemkin, that has been awarded the State Stalin Prize was directed by who?
What is the cause of death of the member of the board of directors, A.C. Milan?
Name the Austrian election with the oldest candidates like Die Grunen?
List the notable works of the writer of The Tony Randall Show?
What village does Rotterdam share the border with?
What and where is the record for the pole vault held?
Which countries were located within the Soviet Union prior to its dissolution?
Who is Kajol's mother and spouse?
What the capital of Nanjing?
Who replaced Benjamin Harrison as President of the United States?
The history of Azerbaijan, which contains the Masally District, falls under which topic?
What is the capital of Helsinki that is located in the administrative territorial entity of the Russian Empire?
return some players who have played in the NBA?
What is the record label and the discography of Nickelback?
Where did Hans Asperger die that is located near Simmering?
Which volcanos in Japan erupted since 2000?
Which UCI ProTeam has the highest budget?
What is the ideology of George Steinbrenner political party?
Who is the parent organization and chief executive officer of the Society of Jesus?
What is the Class IB flammable liquid with the highest fusion enthalpy whose instance of is Class IB flammable liquid?
What activity of Emil Kraepelin utilized the working language of German?
What is the Homonym of Anthophila?
Which famous writer was married to Jill Krementz and had a son named Edith Vonnegut?
Who gave themember of crew of of previous is of Gemini 7?
Who wrote a rose for emily?
Who wrote the novel known for politics and the English language, 1984?
What is the country whose speaker of the Dewan Rakyat is Pandikar Amin Mulia?
What agency maintains Metro Manila?
Where is the terminus location of Confederation bridge?
what are the fossil taxon was starts with z
Located in the Central District, what is the county seat whose twin cities include Feodosiya?
What is both located in or next to a body of water and located in the administrative territorial entity of Sydney?
Tell me about democratic republic for diplomatic relation of Russian Empire?
what is the character role for seventeen moments of spring has cast member as nikolay prokopovich?
What is the road from Zagreb to connect?
What are the television shows whose company is Playtone?
What are the software whose operating systems are Mac OS and Microsoft Windows?
What noble title did Berengar I of Italy hold and who did he follow?
What is the common product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group and services of the 21Vianet?
Where is Richard Stites located?
What's the religion of the winner of china election of 2008?
Who does the voice of Bart Simpson?
Which is closed on for Wednesday?
What honors have coined the compact disc?
Who is the organizer for the sport of World Series?
What medical condition is treated with Sodium Bicarbonate?
What river originates in Kingston Ontario?
Tell me about position held of Tony Abbott and elected in?
What is made by Webby?
is cast member of Buffy the Vampire Slayer that is character role is Buffy Summers?
Who is the inventor of plutonium, that lived in US?
What influenced Georges Bataille that studied at Eberhard-Ludwigs Gymnasium?
Who is the owner of the website which has the label Seed Eight?
Name the gas that can cause formaldehyde exposure?
What came before PlayStation 4 and uses PlayStation 3 system software as OS?
Who is the composer and librettist for West Side Story?
Who discovered the boron?
What is the birth city of Lev Yashin, which has municipalities in Ostankinsky District?
Which office holder's governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has final resting place in North Bend, Ohio?
who manufactures the SHO V8?
What's the flammable liquid with the smallest combustion enthalpy and is a high quality for hygroscopy?
What is the village for the place of death of Akhenaten?
Mention the position which President of Poland held as a sequence.
Which is the book that is published by Rolling Stone?
Who was replaced by Clovis I as King of France?
Which musical did Pete Townshend compose?
What award did Abdellatif Kechiche receive for The Secret of the Grain?
Who was the architect of the Brandenburg Gate
Where in Black Hills is the place of detention?
Who are the children of Tigranes the Great, who died from decapitation?
When did album for producer of Jim Henson?
Name an actor of 60 minutes
Which HBO's television series was produced by Erik Bork?
What's the name of the Sun Yat-sen museum?
Which are the major hubs of airline which operates the Menora Tunnel?
What is doctoral advisor of Johann Bernoulli that is it has a role is first doctoral advisor?
What uses the German language and was co-founded by the Gestapo?
What was the musical Twelfth Night based on
Which governer of Winston bryant is also the president of Carl Stokes?
What is the genetic association of obesity that is determined by TAS?
Which education institute of Duncan U. Fletcher is also the university of Vanderbilt Commodores?
Which operating system provider of LG Optimus Vu is also the employer of Manu Cornet?
What are the professions in the association of football?
Who is Charles Darwin's child?
Who gave the summit of system of mountains of Stevens Pass?
Where did the relatives of David Hume study?
The muscle insertion of clavicle is?
Where did chancellor served by Rudolf Kirchschlger die?
How is the founder of the protoplanetary disk?
What award does the winner of The Weeknd receive?
Name a character in The Da Vinci Code
Which series has an episode called The lost special and also a character named Sherlock Holmes?
Name a subsidiary company that belongs to Melford Spiro
Whats the filming location of Thane?
Name a movie directed by Ang Lee
What country in the Russian empire did Fyodor Dostoyevsky die in?
Whose tomb is in cities under Dane County of Wisconsin?
Name a love song from Soviet Union
With which countries did the Russian Empire have diplomatic relations?
What political party does Aung San Suu Kyi belong to?
Which work is both Neil Cross and Lars Pearson both known for?
What are the fish which start with the letter p
who is the significant person of mark zuckerberg?
Who is thefilm for characters of Wyatt Earp
What drug caused the death of Calvin Coolidge?
Which Canadian broadcasting corporation categorises employees and contains the word broadcasting in the company name?
Who is the rector of the University of Helsinki?
Who is the artist of the album which has the song I Can't Change the World?
What is the sub-item of the History of engineering, that has the same name as the technique?
Which athlete was the flag bearer for Switzerland in 2004 and 2008 summer Olympics?
WHAT ARE THE OCCURRENCE THAT STARTS WITH W
who is born at partner town of Nadya A.R.?
Who was killed by William the Silent?
What is the architecture firm that is based in Saint Longinus?
Which employer of Michael M. Sears is also the producer of Delta III?
What is the military branch of John Tower?
When was the ancient Roman Empire in power?
When did film for country of origin of Soviet Union?
Name all those buried in a place governed by a city council.
By whom is the designer of the Burj Khalifa employed?
Which Dow Jones Industrial Average member has the least liabilities?
Name the country associated with Himachal Pradesh.
What is the birth place of the cast of Lagnacha Dhumdhadaka?
Who was Sarah Michelle Gellar's spouse and child?
Which is the parliament that applies to the jurisdiction of Weimar Republic?
What was Judy Holliday nominated for for Born Yesterday?
Name a country involved in Korean War
What person discovered or invented the reed organ?
What is the taxon source of the coral's body?
Through which counties does the road go which starts at the Port Klang?
Who is the owner of Latvian Wikipedia and Wiktionary?
What is the brother of Manfred von Richthofen whose burial place is Germany?
Who is the lake for located in or next to body of water of Seattle
What is the birthplace for Max Yasgur, located on the coast of the Bronx River?
The piper nigrum is part of which taxon?
When was Apocalypse Now received the Academy Award for Best Sound Mixing?
Who is Kenneth D. West Ph.D supervisor?
What is the works for Richie Benaud, having recognition title of Satellite Award for Best Miniseries?
Who replaced Malcolm Turnbull as the Leader of the Opposition of Australia?
Kurdish people are of what ethnic group?
For what film was Catherine Deneuve nominated for the César Award for Best Actress?
Name the TV show whose producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is HBO?
What work is produced by the owners of the Volfas Engelman?
What is the craft of Patrick Henry, whose field of this craft is law.
What actor starred in Splash and is married to Rita Wilson?
What is Bill Belichick's American football team for head coach?
Captain Gerry Brisson plays for what?
Tell me the occupational carcinogen that has a safety classification and labelling as Regulation (EC) No. 1272/2008 whose name contains the word benzene?
Who is the mother of Julio Iglesias and Enrique Iglesias?
Who employed the person famous for the Boeing fa18ef Super Hornet?
What is the home stadium of Kenya's women national football team?
What is the composed by of the described by work of Lizard?
What award did Ursula K. Guin receive as the the victor over Jacinda Townsend
who is the residence of rome?
What ideology do the members of Patrick Harrington follow?
List softwares written in C++ and runs on Mac OS?
Which is genetic association of illness of Adnan Khashoggi?
What is the Brazilian sister city of Vancouver?
List the other members of the team where Jason Hayne currently plays?
What is the name of a type of antiproton?
After London Bridge, what crossing comes upstream next?
where is the powerpoint of steam turbine?
WHO IS THE HUSBAND OF EDWARD THE CONFESSOR DAUGHTER?
What's the country that has the lowest amount of school children who have family that work for the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
Who was awarded Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series together with Larry David?
What mascot of the Galatasaray Handball Team is also the team name of Cristo Rey Jesuit high School?
Name all the hubs of the airlines whose one of the hubs is Selangir?
Which cosmonaut mission was Dick Scobee a crew member on?
what is legal case that starts with w
What is the Class IIIB combustible liquid with the highest flash point that is used in insecticides?
How big is the Cliff Kill Site national park?
Who is the partner and the spouse of Hank Azaria?
Which is timezone of continent Balhae?
Name the people whose residence is Beverly Hills, California?
Which international airport is located in Salt Lake City?
What can be found in species of genetic association of Alzheimer's disease?
Who won the Academy Award for Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay for The Best Years of Our Lives?
Name the award for which Franco Zeffirelli was nominated for his/her work in Romeo and Juliet?
What is the parent taxon of Buckwheat?
Which series is dubbed by Cape Feare?
What is the twin town of the city of birth of Edward Burnett Tylor?
What is the [prize that was awarded to Carcassonne is that Victor Elfenland?
What is the featured work of loyalty by Cu Chulainn?
What are the lawn game which start with the letter ladder
What is pitro Gruszka hometown?
Which destinations of the Air 2000 is also the location continent of the Falken Tire?
Who developed the software for the operating system of Macintosh Quadra 660AV?
Theo van Doesburg is the Prime Minister of what place?
Who developed the video game World of Warcraft?
What is the draft team of Gene Conley?
Tell me mosque whose name has the word sultan in it.
Which film starring succeeds to In the Mood for Love?
What is the nationality of the golf player who won the 2002 Players Championship?
WHO IS LTHE FOUNDER OF SHAPUR II DYNASTY?
For what work did Isaac Asimov receive the Nebula Award for Best Novel?
What are some books whose cover illustration is designed by Marshall Arisman?
Who gave thenext crossing upstream of shooting location of Independence Day: Resurgence?
Which member of the American Mathematical Society has the highest Erdős number?
What is  award received  from  Mario Puzo  which is the subject of  47th Academy Awards ?
What is the platform for Amstrad CPC?
What global city is described in Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea?
Which is the business that is the publisher of The Economist?
WHICH IS THE SCIENCE MUSEUM WITH THE MAXIMUM VISITORS PER YEAR
Who is the domestic partner of the painters that made Portrait after a Costume Ball (Portrait of Madame Dietz-Monnin)?
Who is thelegislature for location of Indore
Which is birthplace state of Victor Emmanuel I of Sardinia?
Name the least flammable nitrogen-containing class IIIB combustible liquid
who is the Christian chapel for patron saint of Anthony of Padua?
What is the religion of the member of parliament who is a relative of Sarathchandra Rajakaruna?
In which country did the planes designed by Ursula Hanle originate?
Who is the CEO of Society of Jesus?
What country that is a member of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the most GDP?
What is the genetic associations of obesity?
Gertrude Stein is the librettist of which opera?
What position does Chanda Kochhar hold in the ICICI Bank?
Who is the person for the patron saint of Rome?
When was John A. MacDonald replaced as a member of the House of Commons?
Who is the maker of the engine of Ford F-Series first generation?
Which central bank has the highest target interest rate?
Which organisation has superintendent as Lieutenant general (United States)?
Who was born in Bonn?
Who is the lead singer for Nirvana
Who is the human for member of political party of Social Democratic Party of Germany
what is the honours of Fred Astaire, that has leader of James Mason?
What is the service on internet with the lowest port whose instance of is service on internet?
Who had developed the Colossal Cave Adventure, whose first name is William?
What disease led to the demise of Letitia MacTavish Hargrave and Martino Martini?
Which is the zoological name is coordinate with Sciuridae?
Which band made the song Take me There, and has collaborated with Blayse in the past?
Who is the student of William of Ockham?
Tell me nutrition those contains the word elible in their name
Who is the teacher of the musical score by Violin Concerto?
In the administrative unit of New Calendonia, has Lagun Onari won the award?
Which rivers have source origins asnorth western, Zambia?
Tell me the federal states that starts with the letter s
who co-founder of working place of Joseph armstrong?
Who is mother of Cloris Leachman
Which university are the archives of Jefferson Davis at?
What is located on linear feature of the London Underground?
WHICH IS THE INSTITUTION THAT CONTAINS THE WORD ROMAN IN THEIR NAME
Who has sons of daddy Noel Tata?
What minigun, which has rotary cannon, was designed by General Electric?
What is etymology of Riemann sum, which has studied at is Humboldt University of Berlin?
Who is the father and the spouse of Roger_Waters?
Who was John F. Kennedy's vice president?
List the battles in which alumni of US Army Command and General Staff College fought?
Tell me business whose name has the word vodafone in it.
List all the settlements which has a part named Seguin,Texas?
Who replaced Arthur Fadden's held position as Prime Minister of Australia?
What award Chow Yun-fat received for his work Hong Kong 1941?
Does Elan Musk brother have a daughter name Maye Musk?
What record label does the rock band Korn record under?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
What sports can be played in Kharghar's schools
What are the houses of legislature in the political leader's seat of Medininagar?
What Academy Awards was Ron Howard nominated for?
What is the national origin of Focke-Wulf Fw 260?
Where was Henri, Duke of Rohan laid to rest?
What tributary ends in the Jari River?
Where is place of death of Helen Keller that is located in the administrative territorial entity is Connecticut?
What is the subtopic in the economy of Japan with diplomatic relation with Afghanistan?
Which founder of European School, karlsruhe is also the jursdiction of Eurpoean Border of Coast guard?
Who is the author of Walden?
Obergefell v Hodges overrules?
What are the head of state and the office held by head of state of the Soviet Union?
What is the field of the Jon Speelman and occupation of the Karen Grigorian?
Whose album is Haiti, I am sorry?
In which city is the hub airport of Club One Air?
Tell me the subsidiaries of CBS.
What is The Adventures of Tintin's country of orgin and the language used?
What is the work location of Bilbao?
What did the workplace of Billy Hill and Hillbillies make?
Who are the writers and collaborators to Chris Odom?
What was the award received by Robert Bresson for his work on L'Argent?
What are the academic interest of Philip Novak?
Who are the people who played for San Francisco 49ers?
What medicine was patented by the manufacturer The Coca-Cola Company?
Which is the university and college sports club that is represented by Georgetown University?
What is the location of the formation that is named after Lynyrd Skynyrd?
Who has composed songs produced by Terry Melcher?
Who offers the services of OneDrive and Outlook.com?
What hockey team in the NHL contains Ottawa in their name?
What are the symptoms of Hepatitis C and what drug is used to treat it?
Name the sea located near Europe and has a nearby city as Rostock?
which is the secular state with the highest total reserves whose diplomatic relation is eduador?
Name the Chris Marve's school?
who played Dr. John Watson in Sherlock Holmes?
who is the steamship for designed by of Isambard Kingdom Brunel?
What is part of Super Mario Bros.?
Who is the son of the sibling of Freydís Eiríksdóttir
Who played Agent Smith in Matrix?
who medical specialty for health specialty of diabetes mellitus?
What is educated at Gene Amdahl for theoretical physics?
Who was the prime minister of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow and also the editor of British Gazette?
Who is the performer and the present in work of Satan?
Which national association football league has the minimum level in the league?
What award did Elisabeth Shue receive for the film Leaving Las Vegas?
Which is the rock band that has Axl Rose as the member?
what is military decoration that contains the word war in their name
List the border of the admin region which shares border with North Korea?
What is the convicted of and the member of of Axl_Rose?
Who is nominated for of Woody Allen whose for work is Deconstructing Harry?
What is the twin town of Suzhou that has category of associated people from Category: People from Esbjerg?
What is the relation between South Ossetia and Nicaragua-South Ossetia?
what is left wing of driving side
Which is the architectural style of postmodernism?
Which TV show's setting is in Massachusetts and is the subsequent work of Fraiser?
Where is Messier in the galaxy?
Where did the Biblical story of Exodus take place?
List of people who were the first one to ascend a mountain in the Cathedral range?
What is the greenhouse gas with the lowest sublimation temperature whose has effect is carbon dioxide exposure?
What is the parent taxon and the habitat of Streptococcus?
WHO IS THE COMPETITOR OF BARBARA HEPWORTH?
What is the Band whose band member is Mark Middleton?
Tell me sports league whose name has the word shield in it.
Where does the river flow into, which starts at the Sierra Madre de Chiapas?
Whose motion picture studio is a part of series of The Stolen Eagle?
Name the actors of the TV show which has an episode named The Five?
What is the home town of the Band which is the previous work of Sammy Hagar & Friends?
Who is the head of government for the constitutional republic of Moon Jae-in?
What award was Marisa Tomei nominated for on her work Before the Devil Knows You're Dead?
Name the music artist which collaborated with the spouse of Jessi Colter?
Which is film genre played by James Bond Theme?
What league is the team Ospreys in?
Which mountains are higher than the Nanga Parbat?
Give the name of the hill with the highest isolation whose is at a high range.
What kind of buildings were designed by Pyusawhti?
Which company was the designer of South African class 11e and RENFE class 333?
Who replaced Francis Bacon as Attorney General for England and Wales?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
List the people who were the first one to climb a mountain in California?
What was Rick Baker nominated for for Coming to America?
What civic building contains the word house in its name?
Who is the child of Seabiscuit?
Name an actor in Friends
What was the immediate cause of World War I?
What is the participant and member of XI Jinping?
Who is the founder of the trade union with whom Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America is affiliated?
Who is the tenant in The Rape of Proserpina?
Name the largest city in the county where there is a Cy-Fair High School.
What is being treated in an individual with arteriosclerosis?
What is the manner of death and the position played on team / speciality by Babe_Ruth?
what is the alkane of NFPA 704: Standard System for the Identification of the Hazards of Materials for Emergency Response that starts with letter p
Who is the parent of the leader of Communist Party of China?
Who is the governor of the basin countries by Lake Tahoe?
Where does the rivers ending in lake washington begin?
What is the mascot of the Royal Australian Air Force and Austin College?
What is the diplomatic relation of International Energy Agency member the Kingdom of Hawaii?
What subject has role which physically interacts with of Dopamine?
Which is the university that used the Russian language?
Which television show is the subsequent work of Frasier and the opening theme is Gary Portnoy?
Who is the head coach of the teams in Middlesbrough FC?
What is the common university iof vanderbilt Commodores and also the college of hubert Wiggs?
Who paints a broken role model?
Who are the children who studied under Michel Fokine?
Which flammable liquid carcinogen has the highest exposure limit?
What is the highest mountain?
Who owns the broadcast network founded by CNN?
Which city is the capital of England?
What are the gambling which start with the letter Z
Which is the partnership with of Antipope John XXIII?
What is the location of narrative of the Tropic of Cancer that has towns in the 11th arrondissement of Paris?
What media company is The Economist owned by?
Which is the island nation for the country of pound sterling?
WHAT IS THE BORN OF ANNE ENRIGHT
Which is the city of Indonesia that is located in the administrative territorial entity of Dutch East Indies?
Tell me hot spring whose name has the word unapdev in it.
Who is the producer of the album, after which A Nice pair was released?
Where did Abraham Lincoln die?
What is the president whose lieutenants are Winston Bryant and Joe Purcell?
Who is a member of the citizens of E.C. Segar?
Which is the hometown of Kevin Martin, that is next to Beaumont?
In which racing championships did Bobby Beasley and Martin Molony participate?
Who owns the ford kansas assembly plant?
What tennis event was won by Margaret Court?
Who discovered Pluto?
Who was married to Joseph Lyons and when did it end?
Which nonprofit organization has the highest total expenditure?
What gaming platform is Second Life on?
Alexander Magleby, a rugby player is alma mater to which university?
In which country is Mecca located?
Who is the international organization for developer of Julian Assange
What does ICRO stand for?
Who are the director of photography and the director of Forrest Gump?
What is mentioned in the article on Staryu and Starmie?
What is the first described of the ideology of Progressive Party?
Name the office holder who was married to Dolley Madison and has resting palce as Montpelier?
What is executive branch of basin countries of Tigris?
What is the medical treatment and the symptoms of Ebola_virus_disease?
Which is the medication used to treat inflammation?
For what role was Angelina Jolie nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
Name an American football player whose debuted in Chicago Bears and former team is 1998 Baltimore Ravens season?
What is Animal Farm derivative work?
Who is the governor for the head of state of Tasmania?
what is executive director of developed by of ios?
Mention in which city in United States was Friends pictured.
What is Oracle Corporation's public company of its parent organization
What has been founded in the state that Denton county, Texas is a part of? 
Name the film that takes place in Los Angeles
What is calcium chloride used to treat?
Which architect, who also designed the Jewish Museum in Berlin, was honored with the Buber-Rosenzweig-Medal?
What book did author Salman Rushdie write?
What are the musical which start with the letter world
Which is the Roman praenomen for Ovid?
Which is etymology of Planck length, that plays piano?
Which country is landlocked in East Asia
What is the former team of the Athens borned basketball players?
Which protein interacts with morphine?
Which films did Mike Myers write?
What is located in the state of Idaho that has diplomatic relations with Dominica?
Who was awared star on Hollywood Walk of Fame together with Joseph Barbera?
Who is the president and CEO of BP?
Who works at the American Magazine and New York Post?
What is Pete Conrad's backup or reserve team or crew?
Who is the father of Tenzin Gyatso?
Which artist was taught by Jos Ruiz y Blasco?
What was Ruth Gordon nominated for at the 20th Academy Awards?
Who is the favorite player of the writer of Black Girl/White Girl?
WHAT STUDENTS ARE IN GRYFFINDOR IN HARRY POTTER?
To which military division does Clark Daniel Stearns belong?
Who is the municipal archive for archives at of Aachen
What award did Robert Zemeckis receive for his work in Forrest Gump?
What is it?
What is the carries of this vehicle?
Who produces the trains operated by the MTR?
Who designed the Mausoleum of Maussollos?
What is the Greek letter for PI
Name a small planet that contains the word  90377 in its name
WHICH IS LOCATED ON STREET OF NATIONAL TECHNICAL MUSEUM
Who was the previous top dog of 1991 Mr. Olympia?
In what country was the pope born in?
Mention the medicinal specialty maintained by positive regulation of hypersensitivity
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Municipal President of Nezahualcoytol's country is bordered by what nation?
What are the single which start with the letter way
What position was occupied by John A. Macdonald and is now held by Alexander Mackenzie?
What is on shore of Olympic Peninsula whose tributary is Maria Linda River?
What sports includes the long jump?
List the mammals whose taxonomy is Diprotodontia and phylum is Chordate?
Who got named after Leprosy?
What location displaying the Coat of arms of Vyazma is the birthplace of Boris Godunov?
Which director of On deadly Ground also released Mojo Priest?
What is the name of the Queen in Snow White
Who competed with Angela Merkel that also has agent Andreas Schwarz?
What Taiwanese election for the President and Vice President of China had the fewest ballots cast?
In the field of screenplays, what is Steve Gerber's craft?
What is the personal name of David Eddings is it said to be different From Taavet?
What is distribution of web browser?
TELL ME BASEBALL TEAM WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD AGUILAS IN IT.
What is the official residence of the Christopher Daz Figuero which is also the state of the Cruce a Nado Internacional
Whose band members are known to play a PRS guitar?
Which newspaper owned by Schibsted is published in Swedish?
Who gave theemployed by of writer of Dog stories, from the \Spectator\;?
Who are the producer and screenwriter of Taxi Driver?
What are the neighborhood which start with the letter z
who zenith of parent range of rockchuck peak?
Which talk show did Ellen DeGeneres create?
What is the order of of the highest taxon of Liliacaea?
What is libretto by Das Rheingold, which has a famous book called the Lohengrin?
Give me all actors called Baldwin.
What books did author Truman Capote write?
From what american football teams did Carlos Emmons play?
Name the successor of Tokhtamysh as Khan.
What is the title of the TV movie based on The Count of Monte Cristo?
Name the TV show with artist Christopher Franke and cast member Jason Carter?
What are the products of the company who published Robot Wars: Metal Mayhem?
Who was the narrator of the show who's music is composed by John Douglas?
Which beer originated in Ireland?
what are some units udner the US department of navy?
What is the highest level of judicial authority in the institution of the European Union?
Which board game that practiced by backgammon player and which that starts with the letter b
Tell me me a musical whose name consist of the word woods and whose lyrics by Stephen Sondheim
What is the city location of Vladimir Lenin
What is military rank for vice admiral?
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Messier 77 whose murder method is yellow fever?
Which is the taxon for the taxon source of milk?
who is the cover artist of all quiet on the western front?
List the relatives of clay Aiken?
Which taxon has the highest chromosome count?
Who was the head of the government of Tamil Nadu before O. Panneerselvam?
What is Hilary Mantel's college degree in?
Who is known for are Battle of the Thames and War of 1812?
Who is considered to be the deciding person when it comes to crustaceans from the Balanidae family?
Glenn Greenwald works for what magazine?
Name the home town of Cline Buckens?
tel me war deity worshipped by religion of ancient Egypt starts with w
What is the location of death of Antipater, whose denomination is the denomination in ancient Greece?
Who gave thedeepest point of endemism of Guibemantis tornieri?
What is the record label of the Next Thing and also the label of the The Producers (2005 film)?
What are the type of posthumous work which start with the letter P
Name all the junctions of U.S. Route 59?
Who is the family and father of Rollo?
Who is the child and spouse of Quincy Jones?
Who are the characters in Exodus, the has a brother or sister named Nadabe?
List all that flows into the north sea?
What is nominated for Roberto Benigni at 71st Academy Awards?
Which team did wolfred McDonald is also the prospect team of Milkhail Pashnin?
When did country for contains administrative territorial entity of Tripura?
Which is the mouthpiece of Pravda?
Who is the patron saint of Wales?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Mark Latham and partner Tim Mathieson?
Who is mother of kids of Jason Robards?
Who is the director and director of photography of Apocalypse Now?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that starts with letter W
Who has signed the United States Constitution, whose place of work is Washington DC?
What are some games availible on nintendo's virtual console?
Name someone ilvolved in Battle of Verdun
What is the chemical compound of the drug used to treat bipolar disorder
Which president of United States had vice president as John Adams?
 Erik Jendresen is the writer of which television show?
What are sculptors of quantum mechanics that have worked at Humboldt University of Berlin?
Which member state of the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes has the maximum inflation rate?
For what did Alan Rickman was in nomination at the MTV Movie Awards for Best Villain?
What is Hepatitis C's health specialty and medical examinations
What are some rivers in Zambia which have a dam on them?
What country is Abuja the capitol of?
What are the interdisciplinary science which start with the letter toxicology
List the opponents of the relatives of Thomas Helwys?
who named for the classical mechanics,that has craft of philosopher?
What are the television shows whose network is Prime Time Entertainment Network?
Who replaced Thurgood Marshall as the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the US?
Vladimir Lenin is the head of government for what organization?
What is the first minister of the place of the activity of Richard Russell?
Which is bordered by the principle office of The Daily Manila Shimbun?
Which is the origin of the watercourse of Aconcagua?
Name the domain where Oscar Wisting got the participation for.
In the denomination of Sikhism, What is Martha's sainthood status?
Which disease has the longest incubation period and whose primary symptoms include abdominal pain?
Mention the Hamburg's responsible work location.
Which country in the Netherlands has the largest VAT-rate and is a member of the International Trade Union Confederation?
Who graduated from Ratan Tata whose parent company is Sleep and Human Health Institute?
Which is the translator for John Dryden?
What film genre is pupil of Carl Reinecke?
Tell me posthumous work whose name has the word people in it.
What is the Mona Lisa's sovereign state?
Where is the Greenpeace headquarters in the Netherlands located?
Which is the city that shares a border with LA?
In what division of MLB is the team owned by Branch Rickey found?
What is the category for recipients for the Noble Prize?
Naval station mobile and naval support activity, naples are under which branch of Us military?
Give me all cities in New Jersey with more than 100000 inhabitants.
Who is the party chair for the position of Xi Jinping?
Name the loocation of Lekh Castle which is also the location of SamurAbsheron channel?
Who is in the voivodeship of of works at of Alan Watson?
Which business enterprise has the most total liabilities?
What are some relatives of the people who fought in Operation Barbarossa?
In which wars did Percy Fitzwallace fight?
Who is the general manager of the Bernard Lewis workplace?
What are the city which start with the letter w
What is the title of the head of the Commonwealth of Nations?
Which party won the elections when Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy was in power?
What country does Zinedine Zidane play sports for?
Name a skyscraper that contains the word  world in its name
By which member of parliament was Provisional Government of Saskatchewan led?
Name a country who is diplomatic towards the Russian Empire.
Provide the information of Mimas orbits?
Which were the philosophers whose primary interest was Natural philosophy?
What is the periodical literature with the minimum publication interval such that the language of work or name is Spanish?
What are Breann McGregor and Anika Knudsen, both known for?
What Australian sport tour has the least amount of tied/drawn matches/games?
Who is the executive director at Christopher Wylie's company?
What is the etymology of ampere, where the biological sex is a male?
What is the Hepatitis B gene?
When was Enoch Powell elected as Member of the 47th Parliament of the United Kingdom?
Give me some series whose network's owning company is Warner Bros. Television?
What is Gene Hackman's nomination area for the 43rd Academy Awards?
Mention the federative entity of Mexico responsible for Tenochtitlan
Who played Naomi in How I Met Your Mother?
Name the institution whose alumni is Samuel Taliaferro Rayburn who asmin HQ is in Austin?
Which is the organisation directed from the office of the pope?
What university did the children of Paul Ernest attend?
Who collaborated with Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson?
Can you name the J.K. Rowling book that has sold the least copies?
Who is the lightest baseball player?
What subject did Trey Parker major in at University of Colorado Boulder?
what is standards organization that starts with t
Name a folk saint already performed by Jefferson Mappin that contain the word  claus in its name
What gene was determined through TAS to be associated with post-traumatic stress disorder?
Which is the sub-orbital spaceflight for Astronaut Alan Shepard?
Which former team of the Harry Parker (baseball) is the debut team of the Carl Sitton?
When did urban municipality of Germany for twinned administrative body of Leeds?
What lived in Florence Nightingale, Florence Nightingale diplomatic relation in Bangladesh
Into what military organizations is the United States Department of Defense divided?
Which is the railway tunnel with terminus Erstfeld and contains the word base in it's name?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Literature after Mo Yan?
The Empire of Japan had diplomatic relations with what historical country?
What has a capital next to Francia?
Who was the first King of England?
Why did the Philippine-American War end?
In which museum is Hadrian buried?
Who is the human for record held of marathon
Which party won both the general electoin and the andhra pradesh election in 2004?
What is the CFSI of the Le Pere Goriot setting location?
Who is The Lion King's storyboard artist?
What award did Evanescence receive that was subsequently won by Maroon 5?
Who has the greatest number of victories with a name of Zaur?
Which actor in The Godfather was educated at Hofstra University?
What does physically interact with adenosine triphosphate as an agonist?
Which rivers end in Old Saybrook, Connecticut?
Which is the mouth of the watercourse of Lake Superior?
Which stock exchange is the NASDAQ on?
Who is the human for notable work of Flatiron Building
Who penned Emma and Jane Austen in Manhatten?
Which is the country that contains the administrative territorial entity of Mizoram?
What award did Elia Kazan receive in the 27th Academy Awards?
What is the river whose tributary is Zarqa River?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION WHICH START WITH THE LETTER W.
What is the home port of Kuala Lumpur
Who are the crew member of Phillipe Perrin's cosmonaut mission?
Which builder of Edwin Andrews Air Base isalso place of birth of the Akinoumi Setsuo?
What advisor was musical score Piano Sonata No.3 by?
Who is the secretary general for Christian Democratic Union?
What is the political party to which Purnima Banerjee is a member of??
Who is Dolley Madison's mother?
business entity in Russia
On Lake Winnipeg what is the lakes on river?
What is denomination of university attended the Daniela Georgieva?
Who is the person whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School?
What tournament had the most matches end up in a draw?
Which ethnicity do Linda Hogan and Riley Reid come from?
What is the name of the deathplace of Tullio Levi-Civita that also borders Pomezia?
Who is the human for creator of Star Trek
What are the intelligence agency which start with the letter s
Is Ania the equivalent of the forename of Anna Atkins?
What is the common military branch of the Thomas Darden and that of Edwin F. Hunter
Which writer of A literary Nightmare also extended the work of The Apple tree?
Who is the national anthem for anthem of European Union
What is the public company with the most debt subsidized by Carrefour Bio?
What is the taxon rank of Spider and who is Spider's parent taxon?
What is the synonym name of found in species of vascular tissue?
Who is Mongolia in diplomatic relations with, that has it local government in Hubei?
Where is Japan National Route 438?
Name a business whose heaquarters are located in Lyon
Which shows have voices from people signed up with ABC Records?
When did Commonwealth realm for currency of Australian dollar?
Who gave the voice for Allen Walker?
Who is married to the titleholder of the Philip K. Dick Award?
When did James Dean win the Henrietta Award?
Where is the residence and the occupation of Johnny_Knoxville?
What is the birth place of twin cities of Domingos Saraiva?
Which is the parent club of the St. Louis Cardinals?
What animal makes the most sound on drugs?
What is the name of the airline that operated Airbus A300?
What is constellation of 47 Tucanae?
Among the companies who has product named Chinook who has a key person as Dennis Muilenburg?
Name some shows similar to the one whose theme song is made by Murray Gold.
Who is the executive director of shareholder of Broadcast.com?
Who is the manager/director of Heinrich Himmler?
What is the death place of the Elbieta Czartoryska which is also place of birth of the Charles Journet
Who is Julia Gillard's partner?
In which wars were people from the Saudi Arabian ministry of defense involved?
What is Snow White's name
What school in Armenia has the least amount of students?
Where is the building located whose architect was Francis Palmer Smith?
Joe Biden was educated at which religious school?
Which twinned administrative body is located in the administrative territorial entity of Belfast?
Who is the nominee for Nirvana whose victor is Moby?
Which is the language regulatory body for Portuguese?
Who is the partner of Michel Foucault
Which tv series have a score composed by judy hard angelo?
Tell me occupational carcinogen whose name has the word trichloropropane in it.
Olga Korbut was born in Grodno, which is located in what country?
Which is the Public Eye Award for the winner of Walmart?
Who are the authors of Doonesbury?
The individual who discovered pulsar is in which field of study?
What is the narrative time described by the work of William Weatherall Wilkins?
Who was the teacher of the musical score of Suite 1922?
What is the river whose origin is North-Western Province, Zambia?
What award did Tiger Woods receive and at what point in time?
Which flammable solid has the highest flammable limit?
Which pole driver of 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix was also the first driver of 1993 European Grand Prix?
Who first ascented a mountain of Cathedral Peak (California)?
Who has Saint Joseph and Mary as parents?
What is the municipal council of diplomatic relations for the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus?
Where did Theoderic the Great die that has the partner town of Dubrovnik?
What is the PTSD treatment medicine?
Who is the spouse of Anna Akhmatova and where did they get married?
Who edited the HBW and BirdLife International Illustrated Checklist of the Birds of the World?
Is New Jersey next to Querétaro, a subdivided neighborhood?
What is composed by Thaïs? Who is the child of Alexis Massenet?
What are the other key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the key person is Joe Green?
To which nation did David Animle Hanses owe his allegiance?
Which is the sovereign state for the history topic of Australia?
Which past members of the The Conglomerate (American group) also sang Take Me There (Blackstreet & Ma song)?
Who are Timur's child and father?
Who is the debut participant for Pokémon Red and Blue?
When did partner of Ian McKellen and start time?
Who is the employer conservatory of Pyotr llyich Tchaikovsky?
What did Ronald Colman win Best Actor for in the Academy Awards?
tell me the highly urbanized city with the lowest mains voltage whose country is philippines?
What are the medication which start with the letter v
What type of art were the famous works of Severin Roesen?
Which is twin city of Hanoi, that has has states is Praga-Południe?
What was the alma mater of the author of Schizophrenia is not associated with DRD4 48-base-pair-repeat length or individual alleles: results of a meta-analysis.
What are the historical profession which start with the letter z
Which is destroyed for First Carlist War?
For which team does Ramiro Pea play?
What drug treats inflammation?
Who composed Symphony No. 5, and who is the pianist?
Name the place where Nikita Khrushchev was died in the country of Soviet Union?
What is the religious affiliation of the Neungin High School which is also the academic interest of Sylvain Lvi?
St. Joseph the patron saint of which municipality in Guatemala?
Where was JFK assassinated?
Which nomination did Shelley Winters receive for her work in A place in the Sun?
Which is the film that has Robin Hood as character?
Which is the record label Chris Brown belongs to?
What was Spike Jonze nominated for in the 72nd Academy Awards?
What is the location country of Teperberg 1870?
What are the historical country which start with the letter russia
Where did Maximilien Robespierre attend school and what was his major?
Which minister was responsible for Kriminalpolizie?
Who were the authors of The Late Great Planet Earth?
Who is the inventor or discoverer of Dobsonian telescope, whose location of birth is Beijing?
Name the chairman of the soccer club for which Mike Salmon currently plays?
Which are the lake inflows of Aral Sea?
Who is the mother of Kathie Lee Gifford?
Where was Pancho Vladigerov kept prisoner?
Who is the partner/spouse of Manuel Ferrara?
Which is the field of work for Giotto di Bondone?
From where did the son of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla graduate?
What river flows into the reservoir of the Sulak River?
What medication would you use as a drug to treat asthma?
What is prescribed drug of academic field of oncology?
What represents the organization of the siblings of Louis Gigante?
In which U.S. state is Area 51 located?
What is the castle for the burial place of Hadrian?
What is the jurisdiction of the area of East Nusa Tenggara Province
WHO IS THE POLITICAL LEADER OF ROBERT BORRIE?
Who is the parent of John ll Komnenos having death place at Constantinople?
Which is sports league of team played for Hope Solo?
Which is the occupational carcinogen for the polymer of polyvinyl chloride?
Who is the President of Marcos Liorente's team?
Name the person who died in Fair Lane?
What sister city was born in of Zakhar Oskotsky?
When did spouse of Faye Dunaway and start time?
Which is the license for copyright?
Which is twin town of Aarhus, that has has boroughs is Nangang District, Harbin?
Who coined the name of RNA polymerase, who also has work as a biochemist?
Where is the Russian Empire's field army based?
Tell me bell tower whose name has the word tower in it.
Who is the owner of the bank which owns Bloomberg Radio?
Which company owns the manufacturer of the Edsel Ranger?
What is the faculty of Harvard Art Museum that has the subsidiary Jamie Dimon?
Name a scientist whose official residence is Cape Town and also won a gold medal at the Royal Astronomical Society?
Who is the mayor of Rotterdam?
Who operates the railway line of 36th Street?
Which member is author of Two Treatises of Government?
Who are the contesting divisions in Clash of Champions?
What was Robert Donat nominated for in Goodbye, Mr. Chips?
The Tokugawa Shogunate was located in what country?
Who compiled and published A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man?
What is worked of grandchildren of Jan Smets?
Where is Fort Knox located?
What is the military conflict whose commanders are John McEwen and Phm Vn ng?
Which Soyuz-T has the largest periapsis?
What is the name of the fictional universe described in Daredevil?
Who is Andriy Shevchenko's spouse and where did they get married?
Where did Julianne Moore receive her academic degree for Bachelor of Fine Arts?
Which airports are located in California, USA?
What is the quasar with the highest redshift whose discoverer or inventor is William Herschel?
Tell me town whose name has the word sturovo in it.
Tell me about Yuri Gagarin's spaceflight.
What is the name of the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and actor is Jason Carter (actor)?
Who is the co-driver for Sébastien Ogier?
Who is the publisher of the track on Nickel-Catalyzed Coupling Reactions of Alkenes?
What is the significance of Juan Carlos I's abdication?
What is written in The Interpretation of Dreams who is a male.
Who is The X-Files' creator and executive producer?
Which body regulates the Dutch language?
Tell me about spouse of Barbara Walters and start time?
What are the notableworks of Russell T Davies?
What award did Rakhee Gulzar receive for his work on Tapasya?
What Academy Award was F. Murray Abraham nominated for?
What is the ingredients in beer whose phase point is the critical point?
Who gave the chancellor of place of work of Bernie Sanders?
What is name of John Foster Dulles Latin script that has alphabet?
What is a name of a dog that begins with the letter w.
What is the permanent duplicated item made by blackberry?
Tell me the media player with a license of proprietary license and starts with the letter w?
Which is the protein that is encoded by INS?
What prize was awarded in the work of the Simpson family?
What is the location of Feng Youlan's death that has a twin city named Minsk?
Which is the taxon rank for class?
which is island of location of cibaprefecture?
Who is married to Tony Ramo
Who is winner of Benny Carter?
What is the version, edition or translation of The Little Prince?
Who is the person that was influenced by Hypatia?
Which infectious disease has the highest prevalence?
What was Farrah Fawcett nominated for a TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Drama for?
Who is the office holder for constituencies Castro District and Haight-Ashbury?
who artistic genre of label of time remembers One time Once?
Kim Stanley received a prize for being nominated.
Show me all basketball players that are higher than 2 meters.
What country has the lowest inflation rate?
What is the Class II combustible liquid with the highest median lethal concentration whose has effect is allyl glycidyl ether exposure?
What are the place of birth and the child of Pete Wentz?
What sovereign states have a diplomatic relationship with the Russian Empire?
What is the lighthouse range of the Heidenstam lighthouse?
Name someone involved in the October Revolution
Who was the leader of the Tokugawa shogunate?
Who died in the writers of Philosophical Investigations?
Among which city where Geography Club played also had the Kenticky Cycle?
Who is the producer of album, which has the song Eclipse?
What are theOlympic sport which start with the letter weightlifting
Whom was replaced as minister of home affairs?
What is the field of craft of Richard Ayoade?
Who is the writer of the singles whose producer is Peter-John Vettese?
Who is premier of national Denis Leary?
Who gave the representative of painters of Relativity?
who is inspiration to son of ben?
For what work was Kendrick Lamar nominated for at the BET Award for Best Collaboration?
Which is the democratic republic that is replaced by the Thirteen Colonies?
What does deciple Sergey Nikolsky study?
Show me Hemingway's autobiography.
The Art of Painting is located in which museum collection?
What are some music artists whose bands have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
Does the founder of Walmart, Jim Walton have any children?
Who is the executive power within Montreuil?
Who was Tom Hanks married to?
What country participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis?
In which city is Route nationale 16 located?
Which musician created the album The Fragile?
Mention the federal state responsible for the Soviet Union's diplomatic relation.
Alan Shearer is the member of what secondary national association football team?
Through which label has Katy B released her singles?
What work earned Ron Howard a Golden Globe nomination?
Who was the influencer of Dave Attel who also starred in Adios Amigo?
Who preceded Heraclius as the Byzantine emperor?
Mention the person behind the Grace Hopper motivational journey.
Who is the namesake of the Rutherford model whose doctoral student is David Shoenberg?
Which is the Wikimedia category for the category of films shot at the location of Kuala Lumpur?
What was founded next to Krafwerk?
What is the species in the human digestive system, that is the manufacturer of an artificial physical object?
Which is tributary of next to lake of Spitsbergen?
Who is the immunology specialist that developed penicillin?
What is the genetic association that can be found in species with post-traumatic stress disorder?
Which industry produces butter?
Martin Ferguson and Mike Kelly served under which aussie PM?
Who is the songwriter of Rule Britannia, whise son is Michael Arne?
Name the TV show which has judge as harry Connick and is broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company?
Which is the single for the record label of Korn?
What is the common battle fought by Stephen Urban and Ali Habib Mahmud?
What work did Patty Duke receive the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for?
Which is the kingdom replaced by the Kingdom of Great Britain?
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
Which actor in the Schindler's List, has an intersex that is a female?
Who is the organizer of Ultimate Fighting Championship?
What is the first name of William Wilkerson, that is the same as Will?
Where are the headquarters of Yuriy Tselykh's team located?
Tell me ethnoreligious group whose name has the word yazidis in it.
Which is the list related to category of the Sumerian King List?
What profession has the highest base salary?
What record is the held for disc golf and where is it held?
Which operator of New Sanno Hotel is also the governing body of the Oahu Railway and Land Company?
What is attendee in conflict of Curt Badinski?
Andromeda is the parent of what galaxy?
What is the think tank for the Smithsonian Institution's parent organization?
What religion did Gamini Seneviratne follow?
Where does Thomas Jefferson's special people stay?
Who did Abbas I of Persia replace who held the position of Shah?
Who owns the copyright for,The Little Prince?
What is the character role of Kate Walsh in Grey's Anatomy?
Name the president who has relations with Clinton family and had a lieutenant named Winston Bryant?
What was Dominique Blanc nominated for at the 26th César Awards?
Who is creators of language of the original work Star Trek Into Darkness?
Which universities are alma mater to Charles Plosser?
Who did Ed O'Neill play on Married.. with Children?
Where was William Anthony trained?
Who is the american football player whose highschool is Ringgold High School (Pennsylvania)?
Whose work is in the Musee d'orsay?
What are the lunisolar calendar which start with the letter c
Which are the symphtoms of Alfred Deakin?
Who is the person that was a student of Ivan Pavlov?
What is Michael Shellenberger's job?
Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950.
Which is the genre and the performer of Godzilla?
What sports are played in schools in Vashi?
Which is the gas giant that is a child astronomical body of Prometheus and contains the word saturn in it's name?
What head of national government is in the town of Narmada?
Who is the chairperson of the Communist Party of China and who are his followers?
Which station comes next to Gare du Nord?
Which is the member of political party where member of of James_Monroe?
What venue of the Battle of Nahāvand is in the borough of Central District?
Which airline has the highest total revenue?
Whose mayors are affiliated with Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams?
What is the patronym or matronym for Vladimir Putin's name?
Name a person whose sucessor was Adrian A. basora and was educated at Harvard-Westlake School?
what is the danger of asthma according to Genome-wide association study?
Which is the business that is designed by ARM architecture?
What is the disease with the shortest incubation period in humans that was originally described in the Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia?
Who are Merrie Melodie's characters mediatised to?
Which sea is surrounded by Rostock and Kaliningrad?
Who was the Liberal and Country League candidate against Thomas Playford?
Which is the voice type of Paul McCartney?
Who was the Forrest Gump actor who was nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards?
What is the name of the infectious disease that has minimal prevalence and is a subclass of viral hepatitis?
Which subsidiary of Lufthansa serves both Dortmund and Berlin Tegel?
Who painted Porky Pig that also has a surname of Freleng?
Who is the fictional character whose family member is Padme Amidala?
Which U.S. state has the highest population density?
Name the tiemzone of Banlung?
When is drug interaction treatment of gastroenteritis?
Where was Niels Bohr educated at, and who was his doctoral advisor?
Which sister town of Da Nang has a county seat for Allegheny County?
Which cult film did Francis Ford Coppola direct?
Who is the mayor of Paris?
Which creation of Josh Friedman was portrayed in Terminator 2?
When did Takeshi Inoue lose their employment?
What is the debut team of the football player whose college is UCLA Bruins football?
What record label are the Sex Pistols signed with and what albums have been released?
Where does the Kentucky cycle take place?
What Belgian municipality with city privileges shares a border with Bruges?
When was lutetium discovered?
What college down shares a border with Munich?
Which is the country for which Rodrigo Duterte is the head of the government?
Which chef-lieu was the hometown of George Orwell?
Name the medicine field related to pregnancy that starts with letter W
Was Some Like It Hot nominated for the 32nd Academy Awards?
list all the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
Tell me a treatment used for the medical condition of lidocaine?
Name a space station that starts with letter S
which planet was discovered by Urbain Le Verrier?
Who are the members of BJP?
Whose shrines are in a place governed by Justin Trudeau?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
Was J. G. Ballard born in the People's Republic of China?
What is the actress, that has received the Bodil Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role?
who was the president under which Joe Purcell is a lieutenant?
What is founded by University of Chicago for the role of donor?
Who is the architect of Red House, London?
What does caffeine physically relates with?
Who is candidate took part for Yuri Trofimov?
What country did John Barrymore die in if the city was Los Angeles?
Give the chemical compound with the least speed of sound who is part hydrogen?
Where is the headquarters of UNESCO?
Where is deathplace of Amelia Earhart, which has tributary is Ayampe River?
What religion does roshan ranasinghe and nhiek tioulong follow?
South Moravian Region is maintained by?
What is award received of Mary Steenburgen that of winner is Allison Janney?
What is the office held by the head of government and who is the head of state?
Which protein interacts with codeine?
What is Jacinda Ardern president of?
Who is the member of Kuomintang?
Tell me film whose name has the word yor in it.
Who is the executive director of the parent company of True Corporation?
Who is the character portrayed in 30 Rock by cast member Alec Baldwin portray?
which replaces for thomas sankara has position held as prime minister of burkina faso?
What is treated by isoflurane?
Who is the Wikimedia category for category of associated people of Calgary
Who produced the record that split from I feel fine?
WHICH IS THE ENERGY SOURCE OF REPLACED HAVRINGE UPPER LIGHT
What is Ottawa's border town for shares?
which conglomerate has the highest net profit?
Which actor starred in the movie Good Will Hunting?
What is the FA Cup Final with the highest attendance for football sports?
Which satellite orbits of Messier 22?
Name the most soluble flammable liquid that contains chlorine.
Which is a sports discipline competed in weightlifting?
What is the native language of Modern Standard Arabic?
Where did Rajinikanth and spouse Latha Rajinikanth get married and at which time?
Name the city served by Juhu Aerodrome?
Which is the dog that is in exhibition history of Anchorage Museum and starts with the letter b?
Tell me which is the agricultural deity which starts with the letter s?
what does the cahora bassa flow into?
Who is the illustrator and the author of The_Chronicles_of_Narnia?
What is designed to carry the automobile?
Who was in missions of Gemini 8 and Apollo 11?
Who is Devi that is worshipped by Hinduism and contains the word lakshmi in his name?
what is PhD advisor of favorite player of Anthony Giddens, Baron Giddens?
What are the standards developing organisation of IEEE 1394, that have subsidiary entities of IEEE Nuclear and Plasma Sciences Society?
Name a professional sports league starting in September that starts with letter P
Which railroad line that connects with Novosibirsk and which contains the word railway in their name
Which company offer service of Outlook.com and OneDrive?
What is the name of the shore that Willa cather died on?
What is the division of the companies who make Runes of Magic?
What what is male organ lymphatic drainage Lumbar lymph nodes and also which that starts with t
Who gave the co-founded by of is owned by of THEhotel at Mandalay Bay?
What are some musicians who have worked with Dean Ambrose?
Name the sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics?
What is in the category of Plessy v. Ferguson?
Was Louis Agassiz worked at Davis Center for Russian and Eurasian Studieswhich is a subsidiary company of Harvard University?
Who was in military unit which played the role of Air interdiction?
What is the ship with the lowest draft whose country is Norway?
Who were the members of the Lewis and Clark Expedition?
The Diary of Anne Frank has how many editions?
Which football managers managed Middlesbrough F.C.?
Which is taxonomic type of Bactrian camel?
What language does Ranveer Singh speak, and what award have they received?
Who is the record producer of The Dark Knight Rises?
What is the terminus of the Menai Bridge
Name a United States Supreme Court decision that applies to the jurisdiction of the United States of America that contains the word united in its name
What is Ted Kaczynski's defender?
Who was the student of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe?
In which city are the schools whose district is Mumbai Suburban?
At what university did Jacques Barzun get the doctorate of philosophy?
Which are the lyrics by Luis Fonsi?
Where is the tombstone of Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom?
Copley Medal has been awarded to which scientists?
which chemical compound has the highest kinematic viscosity?
What is the scientist whose PhD students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
Which football teams are in a city where Oakland Athletics were the tenants?
What sports are played in schools in the capital region?
Name few television shows's anchored by Ryan Seacrest?
Carriage source of power is what?
Name the software which has been developed by John Fanning?
Who is the disciple of Louise Elisabeth Vigee Le Brun that has a major work called the Portrait of a Negress?
Which office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial park and has adrian A. Basora as successor?
What is the television show whose company is Playtone and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which religion affiliation was established by Mahendra Sūri?
who member o of land of bicol region?
What are the brain region that starts with the letter t
Who replaced Pius XII as the Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals?
Name a bridge designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel
Where was the contestant, Kiri born?
What did Logo develop which resided in the U.S.A?
Who created Batman?
Tell me district of Austria whose name has the word wels in it.
where and what did Niels Bohr study?
Name the scientist whose supervisor was John Robert Woodyard and has won Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Which is the communist party of the mouthpiece of Pravda and which contains the word communist in it's name?
Who are the trainersof Candice Michelle?
What astronaut mission did Gordon Cooper use the Gemini spacecraft for?
Who managed England national under-20 football team and Middlesbrough F.C.?
Which admin center of pulau Ujong is also the largest city of Pulau Ubin?
What is name of the river located next to Chongqing?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi gives service as Nintendo Network?
What is the geographical region of Shikoku where the Albion River is located?
The birth location of Jack Black has a twin city in Shanghai. Which city is it?
who granted by of nomination received of thomas hardy?
List the goverener of Winston Bryant?
What is a subsidiary company of Robert Mundell's alumni?
What is the longest river?
Name a colonel whose resting place is Montpelier?
Name a disease that spreads through contact and starts with letter S
Mention the Australian Football League's football club
What anatomical structures are sexually homologous with testicles?
Give me all members of Prodigy.
From which party is the politician who was selected in Barasat constituency?
tell me open content founded by Larry Sanger starts with w
Where is Christian name of Henry Vaughan, which has said to be different from is Heinrich?
Who was the founder of Impressionism?
Which is the category that contains the dress?
For which production was Philippe Noiret the Cesar Award Best Actor nominee?
What is informed by playing A Brand New Day?
Name the show whose theme composing band previously also had Bryan Mantia?
What is the location of death, which has arrondissements with Podoli, of Jan Palach?
Which are the programming paradigm of logic programming?
Who is the sister of Selena?
Who is the structural engineer for Burj al-Arab?
To which county of New York city does the Tremount Avenue street belong?
Which division of the Runewaker Entertainment is also the destinations of the Airtours International Airways?
What business does CBS participate in and what materials do they produce?
What unions does the European Parliament participate in?
What landlocked country that is a member of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization has the lowest total fertility rate?
What is the drafted team of the people expected to join toronto marlies?
Name the outer planet with the least amount of orbital eccentricity.
List the members of Skull Gang?
What is the diplomatic relation of the African Union?
With whom were the engagements of Alpine Brigade Taurinense?
Which producer of Purvis Eureka engine is also the owner of Ford Theatre?
Name the sports played by Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Junior College?
Who is office holder of constituencies Duboce Triangle and Noe Valley?
What work is achieved by Billy Bob Thornton at Acadaemy Award for Best Writing ,Adapted Screenplay?
Which are the mineral acids that contains the word acid in their name?
What is the state of belligerents of Muslim conquest of the Maghreb?
Who is the member of deathplace of Surena?
What appliance Sony made after the success of PlayStation 2?
WHICH IS THE BOOK WITH MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTS OF A WORK OF ART
Who is Star Wars' director and composer?
Who is the chief executive officer of IBM
After the death of which political figure, did the Coalition Provisional Authority came into power?
Which business manufactures the Commodore 64?
Which is the social classification of boyar?
What is the nationality of someone who is born in Valencia
What is the Annie Award for?
Which is the incarnation of Shiva?
Which music is studied by Kvinnan Bakom Allt?
What is famous works for writers of Some Came Running?
Which is the republic in the history topic of the history of India?
Who has the daughter and son of Aglaé Auguié?
Who is the advisor of the architecture firm of Duey and Julia Wright House?
Which is the active ingredient in the significant drug interaction of Amphetamine?
Which is located in the administrative territorial entity and the founded by of Burning_Man?
Who is affiliated with NYU?
What is the capital of the Austrian Empire?
Who is renowned for Ae Fond Kiss and poem of Halloween?
Which is the doctoral adviser for Samuel Flagg Bemis?
Which ancient country had capital as Nicomedia and History of Trier?
What was on the shore of Leicester where River Trent was drained?
Alan Shepard participated in which space missions?
What is the middle name of Francis Frith that has the equivalent of Frans?
What career uses a fishing reel?
What are the archipelago which start with the letter I
What are the orthologs of genetic association of amytrophic lateral sclerosis?
Name the native German speaker and songwriter who wrote Leck mich im Arsch.
Which planets were portrayed in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
In which places can we find the people won the Project Runaway Canada?
Which interest of Philip Novak is the relegion of Vesak?
Where is deathplace of William II, which has head of national government is Victor Marijnen?
What is the television show whose previous work is The Spirit of Christmas (short film)?
where and what did Jodie Foster studied
how the wallaby's endenism has a diplomamatic relation with New caledonia?
What are the gene which start with the letter t
Tell me association football club whose name has the word wrexham in it.
What is the ortholog of AVP?
Who replaced A. Bartlett Giamatti in his position as the president of Yale University?
Who is the operator of Rainbow Warrior (1955)?
who pupils of disciple of yuquan shenxiu?
Which international organizations headquarters are located in Strasbourg?
What jurisdiction is applied to the limited liability company of which Harry S. Truman was chancellor?
What are the municipalities in the History of Northern Ireland?
Who is the person that had Adelaide as place of death?
Which prospect team of Robin Kovacs is the draft team of Bob MacMillan?
Which star of The Ed Sullivan Show is an autobiographer?
Where is the event location in the Pacific Ring of Fire which tributary is Ozette River?
Who is the head of state of Erich Honecker?
Which team's players have played in the national hockey league?
Name the writer of Kepler's laws of planetary motion
What are the activity which start with the letter v
Where is the deathplace of Dmitri Shostakovich? It has several wards including the Perovo District.
In the Mauna Kea Observatories, which asteroid had the maximum radius?
Which university has affiliations to Graham Holdings and Kaplan, Inc.?
Where is Glasgow nearest body of water located and where is the administrative territorial entity located?
Who is the common parent of Gettv and hypnotize mind?
What show has writing of Erik Jendresen and Graham Yost?
To which party does the mayor of Paris belong?
which is portrayed by famous work of weng qingxi
Who is the namesake of the Planck constant, who was a member of the Licean Academy?
What is another treatment of hypertension other than hypersalivation?
WHICH IS THE LICENCE OF PLATFORMS OF FIFA
Which is the district in Al-Qassim Region, that has diplomatic relation with Mongolia?
What is the capital of Tokugawa Shogunate
List the popular works of the author of Luther: The Calling?
Which BBC's TV show is related with the Sarah Jane Adventures?
How do you use a microphone?
What is the Honorary title of Bertrand Tavernier, that was won by Adbellatif Kechiche?
Where do Indra Nooyi works for, whose parent company is Tropicana Products?
Who is the narrator of the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
What is the home town of the band which is the artist of Your Ice Cream's Dirty?
Which countries have places with more than two caves?
What religion is practiced by Hirunika Premachandra, and many others south asians in Hong Kong?
Where is the place of burial and the birthplace of James Arness?
Which automobile marque has the highest assets?
What artist of Charing Cross Bridge influenced Dorothea Sharp in her career?
Give me a first-class city name, that starts with an alphabet 'm'.
whose is famous works are Maniac Magee and Wringer?
how many member active in for Lysander Spooner?
Which triple point drug has the highest heat capacity?
Which district of Robert William Wilcox os the place of birth of Kamaloohua?
Who gave theco-founder of software publisher of The Fall of Kelvin Walker: A Fable of the Sixties?
What is it that is located in the administrative unit of Menshikov Palace in Saint Petersburg, which has administrative divisions in Solnechnoye, Saint Petersburg?
Where is the venue of the History of Penny Arcade Expo located?
Who was formed as the leader of Momoiro Clover Z?
What sports team did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar play for and when did he leave the team?
Which music genre is played by the Spectrum?
Which is conferred by WWE?
What is Star Wars ' narrative location fictional gas giant Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back?
Who were the first drivers in the grand prix which took place at Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari?
What award did The Godfather Part II receive at the 47th Academy Awards?
Who is with Mel Gibson and when does it start?
Name the person whose parent is Pattie Mallette?
What principle place has the Grand Mosque of Kut in its village?
What was Al Green nominated for at the 37th Tony Awards?
List the spanish football player in the NYC FC?
What is different to Medes who is Bayreuth and has admin HQ?
Where did the genres originate which can found in The Mudbloods?
What is the name of Thomas Jefferson's residence?
What are the American football team which start with the letter vikings
What is Lysimachus's noble title and who follows?
What is the sovereign state of the Dafydd Benfras where Jasmine Lowson is also citizen of?
Which is endemism of Mantella, where member of is International Bank for Reconstruction and Development?
Where did Ken Burns study design?
What is Abu Hanifa Dinawari's field of this profession of botany?
who is excavation director of Assur?
What is practiced by the uses of Rugby_union?
Who is Rodrigo Duterte's father?
What is the name of Emmanuel Macron's dog?
Tandem Computers is the subsidiary of which company?
Which software has been developed by organizations founded in California?
Which is the genetic association of the murder method of José Ferrer?
Name the kingdom with currency Solidus (coin) and administrative headquarters in Nicomedia?
What is the resting place of Hayreddin Barbarossa, that has a sister in Lagos?
What are the honors of Mike Nichols, whose victor is Alfred Hitchcock?
Väinö Linna received what prize?
Which one is of the pasteurization?
What is the taxon rank of Fennel and what award did Fennel receive?
Did Barbados have a diplomatic relationship with Nigeria in the past?
What are the book series which start with the letter w
Name someone working in Vancouver
Who was the parent of person whose child is William C P breckinridge?
Which is the museum for the parent organization of the Smithsonian Institution?
Who are the daughters of Peter Gabriel that were born in Bath?
Who is the human for spouse of Katy Perry
What was Dustin Hoffman nominated for at the 52nd Academy Awards ceremony?
Whom did Oliver Cromwell get married to?
Who designed the bridge over the Valaichchenai lagoon?
Who is the municipal council for legislative body of Paris?
What is the business with the least debt on the Euronext?
Has Agatha Christie's profession been mistaken for drama and the arts?
What is it?
What is the name of the composer of the music used in Blade Runner?
What is secreted from Fertilizer?
Louis Dunbar is the coach of which basketball team?
What are shows whose theme music composer's home town is New York?
Who is the son of Sonny and Cher?
who academic major for field of work of Noam Chomsky?
Which hall of fame (of a state or province) is Clint Eastwood in?
What genetic association with type I hypersensitivity has ortholog of abl2?
What is the official language of Indonesia?
In which city is the headquarter of Air China?
Who is the builder of the Stadium of Costa Rica women's national football team?
who art collection of portrayed by thorvaldsen Museum?
which inner planet has the highest orbital eccentricity?
tell me musikdrama is starts with p
What are the nicknames of the schools whose color is royal blue?
Which appliance's CPU is Cell (microprocessor) and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Which newspaper is owned by people living in Oslo?
Which is administrative headquarters succeeds of Visigothic Kingdom?
What Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge award did Kajol win?
Where is the road bridge for next crossing upstream of London Bridge?
What is the location of the pope whose major shrine is St. Peter's Basilica?
For which Award Jack Lemmon was nominated?
Who is the plaintiff of Plessy v. Ferguson?
What is the coral whose rank is class?
What Howard Florey was awared by Laval University?
What country provides a citizenship too Newin Chidchob and Seni Pramoj?
David Grossman together with Jessica Cohen won which award?
Who is the mentor of Hans - Hermann Hoppe's doctorate supervisor?
When did studio album for language of work or name of English?
What Vesto Slipher honours does 1st place medalist Joel Stebbins have?
Who is the producer of the device which is the operating system of Now TV?
Do you know that Stiftung that was founded by the late Ingvar Kamprad?
What are the works of influence of Immanuel Kant?
What is the sea whose cities are Gdask and Oulu?
What period follows the Ediacaran and includes the word Cambrian?
which 24 hours of le mans entry has the highest laps completed?
Who is the mother and the spouse of Ganesha?
WHICH IS THE CELL COMPONENT OF LYSOSOME
explain me that the class II combustible liquid which starts eith the letter t in this
Who is the brother of the screenwriter of The King - Jari Litmanen?
What tennis awards has Billie Jean King won?
Who is nominated for Stagecoach as W. Franke Harling
Which is birth location of Anne Perry, which has office of head of government is Mayor of London?
What is the administrative headquarters of Pulau Ujong?
What was the noble title of Lothair I?
List the doctoral students of Harry Harlow?
Where along Kaluga Oblast did Mikhail Skobelev die?
In which barley wine contains the maximum of alcohol by volume?
For what work did Tim Winton win the Miles Franklin Literary Award?
What was the name of the famous battle in 1836 in San Antonio?
What business structure did Frank Gehry design?
Who is the pianist artist of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and The Spiders from Mars?
who colors of player of nico yennaris?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is the alma mater of the Michael Hahn?
Who is the member of political party and the member of of Thurgood_Marshall?
In which city was the president of Montenegro born?
What position does Mike Trout play, and where was he born?
Tell me newspaper whose name has the word şalom in it.
What country is Sitecore from?
Tell me book whose name has the word world in it.
Japanese is the language used by which sovereign state?
What is method of murder of István Fekete, which has used for treatment is PLAU?
Who conferred the Doctor of Philosophy to Camille Jordan?
In which cities are there stations of SCOLA?
The office of the pope directs which Christian Church organisation?
Which history of topic and the category of associated people is Ottoman_Empire?
Which is the business cluster for the capital of Karnataka?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation place is Washington, D.C.?
Which is the scheduled service destination for Shanghai Pudong International Airport?
List the developers who has contributed to both GNOWSYS and GNU TeXmacs?
list the organisation with motive for peace and environmentalism?
what is the etymology of fermi gas,that has language written in Italian?
What is the fabrication method of casting?
Who was nominated the Academy Award for Best Director for Rocky?
What are the card game which start with the letter uno
Which are the characters for La Malinche?
In which language is All I need is Your Sweet lovin written?
Name the royalty whose daughter was Cleopatra V and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
What is the Home Stadium of the Kenya national under-20 football team where Matin Suji was also born?
Which kind of music was written for Shadows and Light?
Who are the predecessors of John Randolph of Roanoke?
Who is the elder brother of William who is known politician?
To which families does the Koolakamba belong?
Name an organization that still uses Latin as official language
What is the tributary of shore of Gran Canaria?
Tell me the class lllb with the highest exposure limit whose safety is labelling standards.
Who painted the figures of 'Wolves Beyond the Border'?
Who has given guest appearances on the TV Episodes whose was music done by Mama Makes 3?
what is rector of fee university of berlin that has craft is university teacher
Is the first name Petru the same as the first name in Pierre Fauchard?
What is the birthplace of Bradley Wiggins, and has the coat of arms of Ghent?
Who did Louis Pasteur have as a foreign member?
Where on the former Soviet Uniion Kseniya Sobchak was born?
What was John Williams nominated for in the 60th Academy Awards?
The parent organisation of World Health Organization is?
In which city of Pittsburg Steelers was the Congress of Inductrial Organization founded?
Who is the video game publisher of Hex whose shareholder is Hasbro, Inc.?
What are the narrative which start with the letter visitor
Give me some shows owned by BBC one and BBC hd?
What is the chairperson of University of Notre Dame?
What are the names of Neil Gaiman's father and spouse?
Who replaced Aldo Moro as the Minister of Foreign Affairs?
Name the common institute of Robert hall and Erica Frank?
Which is the Golden Globe Award for the award received by Mary Tyler Moore?
Who is a member of the cast of The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Who gave theestablished by of member of of Ernest Lawrence?
What is the job of Stephane Mallarme, whose field of employment is translation?
In what field did Niklaus Wirth get a Master of Science degree?
Who has fought in wars under commander Arthur St Clair?
For what is Abhijit Kunte known?
Who is the married child of Tabinshwehti?
Name the university whose teams have been managed by Albertin Montoya?
Which is the railway bridge completed by architect Isambard Kingdom Brunel?
Who is the owner of Ford Motor Credit comapny which is also the builder of FORD SHO V8 engine?
What is tributary of bay for São Miguel island?
Which man has the most national team caps?
What town is the birthplace of Joseph Greenberg?
What is the municipality of the Homestead Grays Bridge and Roberto Clemente Bridge?
Who is the architect of the Hagia Sophia and what is its architectural style?
Name city where many movies are shot that contains the word Karachi in its name
What is the highest place of the Urals?
What nationality was Douglas Mawson at the time of the Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act in 1927?
What human is the copyright owner of Mein Kampf?
What is the regional government of Tasmania
Where is the administrative unit of architecture of India, whose administrative centre is New Delhi?
Franz Kafka was educated at what school and holds what academic degree?
Who is the stock holder of the bank where Peter Grauer works?
What is the solvent with the most Mohs' hardness whose has quality is odorless?
which encodes for rho?
What is the largest city of the birthplace of Pat Kirkwood?
What country was Francis Crick born in?
Who is the daughter of the Unfinished Symphony's film director?
Who is the author of Good King Wenceslas and has an education at Trinity College?
What is Cale Yarborough's pole position?
Who is the author of The Bell Jar
What was the name of the reward that John Cleese received for his work A Fish Called Wanda?
For what work, Geena Davis was awarded Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
Where is land adjacent to Villanova University?
Vladimir Lenin was the leader of which country?
Tell me a first-class city that starts with the letter m and has the Seal of Milwaukee as its coat of arms.
What is in narrative of sidekick of Luigi?
The descriptions and figures of the Araneides of the United States are what consort of authors?
Who died in of authors of Oedipus Rex?
Who is the chief operating officers of the builders of the Nintendo DS?
Name the endorsement sponsored by Republic of Ireland v Sweden
What is the recurring tournament that starts with the letter w?
Can you tell me which dwarf planet with the largest argument of periapsis has a moon called Dysnomia?
Franxois Truaffaut has what honors won by Patrice Leconte?
What is Eason Chan youngster?
What is the mascot for Iron Maiden?
who county seat for died in of Innokenty smoktunovsky?
Name the asteroid belonging to an asteroid belt with the highest mean anomaly.
Who are Burt Lancaster's children?
Who did Ibrahim AbuLughod's daughters marry?
Which labels have published songs written by Harry Connick Jr?
What software is developed by GNOWSYS and is licensed by Frontaccounting?
Name the newspaper owned by Schibsted and headquartered at Stockholm?
Who was Clark Gable's father?
Where were sverre krogh sundbo and havard vad petersson born?
Which is the chivalric order for Pedro Calderòn de la Barca?
Name a river with source country as Zambia and source location as Ikelenge District?
In what field of work does José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero work in?
Who was the chairman of Fort Lauderdale Strikers and also 2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season?
Who received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Spartacus?
Name a song written by Lady Gaga.
What is the smallest village in Bernried?
What river in Loire has the highest Strahler number?
When did member of sports team of Christine Sinclair and number of matches played?
Who was the winner of the Arlene Raven Award that was bestowed by the Women's Caucus for Art?
What is the debut team of ngel Escobar?
What is the item operator F / A Hornet of greeks culture?
Who is the child of John Tyler, Sr.?
Where in Sweden did Norbert Wiener die?
What series is Mazes of Time from, and is produced by BBC multimedia?
Give me a list of all bandleaders that play trumpet.
What is the common relegion of Miao people and the country where Guru Purnima is celebrated?
What is the taxon parent of Cannabis sativa, which has a fruit type of nucule?
What is the place of death of Boris Pasternak in the Soviet Union?
What country is David Ricardo a citizen of?
What continent is Melanesia located on?
What is the name of the road maintained by the city of Las Vegas?
Who is the musician of Before I let you Go?
What is a prescribed drug for strokes that is capable of inhibiting or preventing the pathological process of cerebrovascular disease?
What is the source of claim of the house of Lê Thánh Tông?
When did the member originate from The Castle?
What source material is the buff coat made from?
Tell me chemical substance whose name has the word zeolite in it.
What teams has Nestor de Vincente played for?
which record did pole vault hold and which is the height?
List some teammates of Ndonga Mianga?
What is the name of the turbid oxide with the greatest thermal conductivity?
Where do networks affiliated with ETC broadcast?
What about Dan Brown is studied at the Phillips Exeter Acacemy?
Who is the person opposed by Tom McLaury and Ike Clanton?
Which run-of-the-river hydro power station has highest installed capacity?
What famous people were born in Yekaterinburg?
Which 1.2 has the longest event distance?
Name the wine regions of Bogdanua?
Where did the fashion designer study who died at the Stony Brook University Hospital?
Tell me championship whose name has the word ligue in it.
What is the common ideology followed by Katyayana and Palang Dharma Party?
When did educated at of Stephen King and academic degree?
What work was Norma Shearer nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Which is twin city of head office location of Mystery Studio?
Name the river flowing through Reading and source place as Gloucestershire?
What award did Louis Malle receive for his work on Au revois les enfants?
Which Augustus relative was his adoptive parent?
Which ships were called after Benjamin Franklin?
Who are the spouse of the actors of Wrongfully Accused?
Which drug has the highest heat capacity?
Which country does the current team of Darren McNamara belong to?
What twin city was the location of János Kornai's death?
Who are the writers of Mahabharata with children in Dhritarashtra?
What is the name of the garrison sister town of Charles University in Prague?
Which broadcast area of CFRX is also the palce of birth of Anthony Raymond?
VP-8 and VP-10 shares which command structure?
Which is famous works of songwriter of Nocturne No. 12 in G major, Op. 37, No. 2?
Who is the CEO of BP?
Who is the person whose opponent's father is Newman Haynes Clanton?
Where did the editor of Charlie Mensuel die?
What is Jim lovells crew member?
Show me all the breweries in Australia.
How are called the person living next to Extremadura?
Name a port city that contains the word zuwetina  in its name
Whose former teams are Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
What movie was Twelfth Night based on?
What academic major is a facet of the history of mathematics?
Where Clement I dired at Bosporan Kingdom?
What disciplines study Hebrew?
Which companies have Kumho Asiana Group as their parent company?
Name the disease that Wikipedia Vital articles shows has the maximal incubation period for humans?
What is the 2.1 with the highest speed whose participating teams is Katusha 2016?
What is the parent company of company which owns Sony Bank?
Which is the mosque commissioned by Suleiman the Magnificent?
Where is the head office of the discoverer of cavity magnetron?
What tributary is on lake Saint Martin?
Which music by Egmont describes the disease of Crohn's disease?
Name the rivers whose source country's capital is Lusaka?
What is the child and the spouse of Ralph_Lauren?
What is the science award with the highest prize money whose country is United States of America?
What are the craft which start with the letter t
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
Who is parent company made by Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope?
WHOSE VOICE IN THE WORK OF VENEZUELA
Which is the protein that is the encoding of INS?
What are the largest cities in each of the destinations of TranStar Airlines?
Who is the producer of the single which was the subsequent work of He's a Liar?
Where is University of Colorado Boulder's administrative territorial entity?
Give me the name of award received of Lin-Manuel Miranda that is winner is Alex Lacamoire?
Where did the members of judge advocate general corps study?
who is translated of the translation by nemean ode I?
What at Ferdinand de Saussure has doctoral thesis as De l'emploi du génitif absolu en sanscrit?
Which division of Serbia national team is also the region of Dobinsk Ice Cave?
TELL ME MEDIA FRANCHISE WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZOIDS IN IT.
Which religious book is represented in Melchizedek's work?
Which is the Wikimedia list article for the list of the Jewish people?
who city of workplace of A. J. P. Taylor?
What are the belligerents of competes in Liu Xiang?
What character in Twin Peaks was played by Michael Ontkean?
What is the town with min male population located in the administrative territorial entity Tasmania?
Name the city of Phil-Ellena?
Tell me the essential medicine for the pregnancy category of the Australian pregnancy category D that contains the word warfarin in it's name?
In what country, which has diplomatic relations with Libya, was Sixto Durán Ballén born?
Who is Tyler Perry's executive producer?
Tell me revolution which contains the word o revolution in their own name
Which is the bestuursorgaan of the basic form of government of Georgetown University?
Which acid anhydride with the lowest electrical conductivity whose has a part of carbon?
What is the name of the illnes that Roger Bannister had, was it called genetic association or GAK?
Who operates Liverpool Playhouse?
How long is the movie Kent Paul?
What are the  replacements  for  Mohammad Mosaddegh  as  Prime Minister of Iran ?
Which is the religious text that follows the Exodus?
Who are the founders of Iskra?
Who replaced Michal Korybut Wisniowiecki as the King of Poland?
Which expertise of the Menetries's warbler is the nationality of the Jeyhun Abiyev?
Which is the scientific journal that originated from the Soviet Union.
What is part of the background of Iran, that has racial group of I.A.?
Who is the producer and executive producer of Fight Club?
Who is the human for chief executive officer of Ford Motor Company
God Save the Queen is the anthem for which island nation?
Name the person who killed highest number of people?
What is the birthplace of Ahmad al-Mansur whose twin city is Trarza Region?
What are the national library which start with the letter library
who is outcome of died of Nikolai Golgol?
Name the people living in a place governed by William W Brien?
Who is son of Eileen O'Casey has children?
Who is Thomas Eakins, whose students is Auguste Alleaume?
What female is not the same as Kevin Durant who is male?
Which island nation has the largest real gross domestic product growth rate?
Which extrasolar planet has the largest semi-major axis?
The Gardener is employed by who?
Name a film crew member from Beauty and the Beast.
For which label did Elvis record his first album?
Name someone who graduated from McGill University
Who is the corporate officer of ESPN?
What is the Classic IC flammable liquid with the highest peak exposure limit?
What nicknames do the universities in Norton, Massachusetts have?
Who is the chairperson of Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria?
What duties does Valerian Agafonoff perform?
What is a sports team whose name starts with the letter w.
Name the Class IIIB combustible liquid that is an occupational carcinogen with the lowest melting point.
What was the position when Joaquim Chissano replaced as the Chairperson of the African Union?
What role Edward Burnett Tylor played to contribute to publish Dictionary of National Biography?
Tell me about the river located in or next to body of water in Munich.
which organization name starts with z
What is Assam's legislative and executive body?
What is the anatomically connects with the esophagus
What is editor for Catherine II of Russia
Who is the nominee for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind which has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing, Original Screenplay?
What type of Austrian award has an elm?
WHat river is crossing Shangai?
Where was the birthplace of Suphot Panich?
Tell me sports club whose name has the word akers in it.
What are the rock band which start with the letter yellowcard
Who is the founder of Pittsburgh?
Where did Jarmila Kratochvílová set a record for the 400 metre dash?
What was Claude Rains nominated for in Notorious?
What are the close combat weapon which start with the letter y
Which British Academy Film Award was Javier Bardem nominated for?
What is the profession of Jose Marti who is also known as Dichter?
Which extrasolar planet has the highest temperature?
What airplane has the maximum wingspan?
Who is the student of Odilon Redon?
List the products of the company which published Tweenies: Game Time.
Name an academic major that starts with the letter E
What is  award received  from  Goodfellas  that is the subject of  63rd Academy Awards ?
What is the official language of Ladonia, which is the target area of Probus Journal?
What country is Hämeenlinna in, the city Jean Sibelius was born in?
What is the parent organization of Nintendo?
What has died in Solon which has the twin city Barcelona?
Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
Who is wedded to to Radha, that has a child named Samba?
Name an free application written in PHP.
Michel Plantini is a member of which sports team and how many matches did he play?
Who is the manager of Real Madrid?
Who is the publisher for Julius Streicher?
When did Paul Martin replace the Minister responsible for the economic development of Quebec?
What is the type of music, part of work or School of Ragtime, in Excercise No.6?
Who is Henry the Lion's first cousin?
Which is the video game of voice actor Sasha Grey?
What river has the strongest and largest flow at the mouth of Kattegat?
Tell meduo whose name has the word roy in it.
Who is the heaviest player of the Chicago Bulls?
Name an economic union that has strong ties with Switzerland that contains the word E  in its name
What platform and software engine does Dota 2 use?
What is in the work of Eve, whose language of website is Biblical Hebrew?
in the aspect of UK history , what has been the diplomatic relation with Malta?
Is Ibn Taymiyyah's place of birth the country known as Harran?
What is the central bank that issues the Russian ruble?
Who was nominated for the award for the role of Javier Bardem?
Which constellation includes the star NGC 6723?
which conglomerate has the highest market capitalization?
WHERE IS THE BURGER KING HEAD OFFICE IN TWIN CITIES LOCATED?
Where is the burial place of Athanasius Kircher, that is adjacent to the Trevignano Romano?
Who is the Pole driver of 1997 Canadian Grand Prix?
What is the twin city of Leeds?
Who has played Please Don't Make My Cry?
For what movie was Jerry Goldsmith nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score?
What is the residence of the person, who starred in Men Will Be Men?
Who graduated and played Burnin' the Roadhouse Down.
What is award received of The Road which is followed by is Vellum?
List the sports of PATTS College of Aeronautics which are of interest of Jon Speelman?
What is parent of brother or sister of tatiana von Fürstenberg?
What country is Salman of Saudi Arabia a citizen of?
Who is the costume designer for Ghostbusters?
Who are the characters from the narrative of Sigurd?
Joko Widodo is the head of government of which sovereign state?
Who wrote Catch My soul?
Which is the agent that is used in communication?
Who owns YouTube?
Who is the founder of Fox Broadcasting Company and has a seat in New York City?
who suspect of present at of luxembourg in the eurovision Song Contest 1976?
What work got Helen Hunt the nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress?
List presidents of the school whose one of the president is Charles. Prince of Wales?
What is the office of the head of government and head of state in Arunachal Pradesh?
Which Harris County based company is a subsidiary of Tandem Computers?
Where was the person born whose successor was Le Hong Phong?
What company brought Riddim Ribbon to the market, and developed the batch monitor?
Which city is the death location of Heshen, which is also the sister city of Mexico City?
Mention the animation studio built for operating the American Broadcasting Company
Who founded the sister stations of Discovery Communications?
tonle sap flows into which river?
What is the taxon due to severe acute respiratory syndrome?
Who is the owner of Hon Hai Precision Industry?
Which person is Noether's theorem named after, whose culture is German?
What kind of employment do the spouses of Jussi Björling do?
What award did Meryl Streep receive for The Devil Wears Prada?
What work of made by of Hallelujah?
Who is the stockholder of Paphos International Airport?
Who is the doctoral supervisor and founder of clinical psychology?
To what companies is Dennis Muilenburg important?
tell me international sport governing body that starts with w
Who is the operator of Sydney Metro?
Which Olympic games has Lance Armstrong participated in?
What is another name for Woodstock?
To whom did Ingmar Bergman got married and when did it ended?
What person who's a citizen of Romania has the highest EGF rating?
For what award was Jessica Lange nominated for her work in the movie Country?
In what historical country was the official language of Latin used?
What are the people of the Minoan civilization categorized as?
What is the location directed by Fireworks Wednesday?
What is named by pi?
In which city did John F. Kennedy die?
Where did Andy Wyant die and Robert Rodi was born in?
Who died and wrote The Planets?
Which is the teacher of the tribute to Christ Church?
What award was received Mary Tyler Moore?
Which source of Water resources management in El Salvador is also the nation of the Sierra del Merendn?
Who is the mfr. of the engine used in Ford Transit?
Name presidents of the schools which have queen noor of Jordan as one of them?
Who is the leader of Venice?
Which artist precedes by Die, Die My Darling?
Name a recurring event happening in the Pershing County that starts with letter B
What scientific awards did Linus Pauling receive?
What is the region of the Battle of Leipzig whose partner town is Lyon?
Which is the cause of death of Douglas Jardine?
Which are the countires where Pioneer Corporation has flourished?
For what category did Angela Lansbury receive a Golden Globe?
What country for May was named after Magtymguly Pyragy?
Who wrote the book 'Pinocchio'?
Where did the painters of Takaka: night and day reside?
For which website Julian did use to work for?
State the latest version of federalist papers?
Name the river whose source region is North-Western Province, Zambia and source location is Ikelenge District?
What are the bands associated with the artists of My Favorite Girl?
The Indianapolis 500 is held at which race track?
Who is the person that was influenced by Richard Dawkins?
Who is the protein for physically interacts with of diazepam
For which work William Hurt is nominated for BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
What is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush?
What is the Wikimedia category for the list of films shot on location in Montreal?
What is learning the higher taxon of ornithology?
Who works at sally ride that is part of the executive office of the president of the United States
What are the enterprise which start with the letter s
Show me all books in Asimov's Foundation series.
What is the sport cricket?
List the settlements area whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice?
Who is publisher of Thickness-dependent leakage current of (polyvinylidene fluoride/lead titanate) pyroelectric detectors based track-list.
What is the last work of Dan Brown?
Who was the person that was a student of Gustav Mahler?
What are the houses of the Parliament Security Services and Parliament of India?
What is the higher taxon of Bornean orangutan, whose type of taxon is genus?
Which rivers flow into the North Sea?
What type of work is available in marketing?
What comes before and is developed by MultiMediaCard?
Who is Oche chiun's brother?
Who makes use of the inventor of World on a Wire?
Colin Powell was the commander of which military conflict?
In which team was the person drafted who has studied at the Worcester college, Oxford?
Who was awarded Olympic bronze medal in Ryan Lochte?
Which award did Ian McKellen receive for his work 'Gods and Monsters'?
What was Kathryn Bigelow nominated for during her work in The Hurt Locker?
What is the noble title of Charles the Bald and by whom is he followed?
What is art director of Snow White and Seven Dwarfs?
Where is Rome?
What genre of music does Complete Control produce?
Which human has the highest Erdos number?
List everyone who got their training in the city of California?
Which is location of birth consecrated by Dieudonné Nzapalainga?
What is the time of the continent of the Timurid Empire?
What actor of Le Cirque is a relative of Maryanne Trump barry?
who culture of state of australian secret intelligence services?
Who stars with Ian Carlyle in the production?
Where was the book of the history of Israel originally composed?
What is the sovereign state of Lisbon
What is the name of the television program created by Julian Assange?
What is category of associated people of formation robert blake?
State the religion of the person known for People's Bank (Sri Lanka)?
What radio award is named after Salzburg?
What is the Christian name of Paul Anderson, that is the same as Pavle?
Which football teams is Shahid Khan proprietor to?
What are the airlines whose hub is San Francisco International Airport?
What sovereign state contains Mizoram?
What are the notable works of the person who produced Queer as Folk?
What type of kinship Dick Van Dyke to his niece?
Name the military units whose command structure's headquarters is The Pentagon?
What character did actor Richard Williams perform the voice of in Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Which political party of Chandra Shekhar is also the political party of Datl Satyanarayana Raju?
Who is the film producer of Stayin' Alive that has honors in the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award?
Who is educated by of artist of Tout le monde?
How much did Ellyse Perry score when playing for which team?
Who are the writers of the academic subject Ten simple rules for editing Wikipedia?
Name the university located in Indiana and has affiliations with Kaplan, Inc.?
The president served by Haqqi al-Azm died where?
tell me legal case whose name has the word wei in it
What is the former team of the football player who is the coach of 2006 Oakland Raiders season?
Who is the captain of the Indian national cricket team?
Give me all Australian metalcore bands.
What is the manner of death and the place of death of Lee_Harvey_Oswald?
What is the continent of South America?
Who created English Wikipedia?
Where is the lake located into which the Winnipeg River flows?
Who is the life partner of the brother Janet Auchincloss Rutherfurd?
What is the partner town of Bogota, which is also Enrique Inglesias's location of birth?
Spinacia oleracea belongs to which taxonomic type?
Who is Alexander Hamilton's wife and why did the relationship end?
Which president was served by someone whose lieutenant is Lewis Stuyvesant Chanler?
Which vessel has the most volume that was assembled in New Quay.
What chemical compounds have a significant interaction with cocaine?
Which band's past member are Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas?
Which is the seat of the radio station of Prime News?
Which is the sovereign state for the country that started The Star-Spangled Banner?
When does the head of government of Seattle starts its work period?
What tv series can be said to be related to the sarah jane adventure and dr who confidential?
where are the sister stations of CFRB broadcasted?
TELL ME HUMAN SETTLEMENT WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD ZANZIBAR IN IT.
Who gave thecollateral descendant of Developer of Winter?
Who is the daughter in the musical The Beat That My Heart Skipped
Tell me a legal case that begins with the letter u and applies jurisdiction to the United States.
What is the work of Gary Oldman who received BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role?
What is the name of of Jose de San Marin in Portuguese?
Which book follows Exodus in the Bible?
WHO IS THE SUCCESSOR OF GAMESA SECTOR?
What is the commander of Battle of Brownstown?
What is the leader of the government agency which is the military unit of Erich Kempka?
Where was the actress from Frasier born?
List everything written in languages developed by EXperimental Computing Facility?
What are the party which start with the letter zeltkirmes
What religion is practiced by the United Methodist Church?
What condition does cocaine treat and what significant drug interactions does it have?
What is Thompson's type of music that is shown in Good Times Bad Times?
Who is the spouse of Willian Menalaus?
What is the Christian name of James Hetfield that is the same as Jacques?
What is followed by Stranger in a Strange Land awarded as Prometheus Award - Hall of Fame?
What is challenging about Symphony No. 6?
Give me the official websites of actors of the television show Charmed.
Which strain has the highest viable temperature?
Who written the prequel of The Structures of Everyday Life?
What is the highest mountain in Italy?
What is the fish with the highest biting force whose red skin is rough?
What is the effect of tetanus on the taxon?
What landlocked country replaced Czechoslovakia
In what country is the Disney Channel Burbank headquarters?
What is the horse characters of Madame Sans-Gêne play?
In what Free imperial city did twinned administrative body of Auckland from?
Which Hanseatic city has a twinned administrative body of Thessaloniki?
Which company released the software RenderMan?
What is the influence of Walker Percy,that has participated in conflict in world war II?
What is the basketball team whose President's college is Brockport Golden Eagles?
What are the settlements whose neighboring municipalities is Lancy?
What colleges are part of Rutgers University?
What is the state of origin of Thomas Pfyl?
What place is the birthplace of Vijay Chavan where Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta is located as well?
Boötes III is located in what part of the constellation?
What patent medicine did John Pemberton invent that starts with the letter c?
Who oarent organization of Get TV is also the label provider of I Pray on CHristmas?
What is the official residence of the Helen Getachew which is also the palce of death of the Haile Selassie Gugsa?
tell me the school to which Cyril Hume went?
What song by Johnny Hallyday has sold the most?
Which smallest planet has the lowest longitude of ascending noed i the scattered disc?
Who all play for the Ivory Coast football team?
Mouse Morris' horses have raced in which races?
Name the sports played by Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
Who was the film produ er of Rekvijem za teškaša?
What was the namesake for Bohr radius with a recognition title of Copley Medal?
Name a City in France with many monuments that starts with letter L
When did intergovernmental organization for organisation directed from the office of United Nations Secretary-General?
Which countries have more than two official languages?
Tell me about a legal case applying to jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the United states and contains the word Maryland in their name
Who is developer of quicksort, which has doctoral student is Augusto Sampaio?
What are the book which start with the letter t
Which organization founded the United Nations General Assembly?
Which is the newspaper format of entertainment?
What team does Alcides Pena play for?
What is the programming language used for JavaScript?
Tell me craft whose name has the word woodworker in it.
To which political party do the children of Sonia Gandhi belong?
Who plays the medium of shovel?
What is the class IB flammable liquid with min boiling point whose instance is ester?
Is the first name of Katrina Kaif similar to Kathrine?
Where did Mashhur bin Abdulaziz Al Saud's father die?
Mention the border participants of Livonian War?
What product is made by Sony and Foxconn togather?
What are the other notable work of the executive producer of The Runaway Bride episode of Doctor Who?
Which event did Manu Ginóbili participated in Sudan at the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Who gave the notable books of written by of Aria variata alla maniera italiana?
WHO COMES BEFORE OR AFTER ESTONIAN SOVIET SOCIALIST REPBULIC?
Name the TV show whose composer is Judy Hart Angelo and company as Paramount Television?
An alumnus of the University of Toulouse, for whom is Fermet's principle named?
Who are the members of the subitem of the history of Argentina?
What team does John McGeever play for, which also employed Ben Dreith at some time?
What is the prefectural assembly with the highest number of seats whose applies to jurisdiction is Mie Prefecture?
What inspired Dracula?
Name someone whose native language is russian
What did the software publisher Complete Psionic specialize in the field of action?
Wellington is the capitol of what island country?
What medals has the Royal Philharmonic Society given Herbert von Karajan?
Where was R.L. Stine born and where does he work?
What literary genre does Sarah Brightman belong to?
What award was received by Ang Lee for his/her work in the Wedding Banquet?
What is the subject of 'No One Left to Lie To: The Triangulations of William Jefferson Clinton' by Christopher Hitchens?
TELL ME INTERNATIONAL SPORT GOVERNING BODY WHOSE NAME HAS THE WORD WORLD IN IT.
Who is the manufacturer and operator of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner?
What are the stock exchange which start with the letter s
What field would writer Booth Tarkington's career be considered?
Which is nomination received of Andy Murray, that has winners is Juan Pablo Montoya?
Which is the stereoisomer for L-Phenylalanine?
who is the Wikimedia category for category for films shot at this location of lahore?
What is the diplomatic relation of Carl von Ossietzky in Argentina?
Where did Andrey Kolmogorov earn his Doctor of Sciences in Physics and Mathematics?
who won by of prize received of john le carré?
What is the common profession of William Luther Hill and Claiborne Pell?
Where is Sungkyunkwan University?
Whose successors are Robert P. Smith and Adrian A. Basora?
Tell me noble family whose name has the word usenberger in it.
Name the major shrine of Bogumilus?
Who owns Torrey Pines Gliderport?
List all the major shrines of the saints which has one of the shrines as Debre Libanos?
Name the afflicts of ibuprofen
Name the fictional character painted by Josh Friedman and portrayed in Terminator Genisys?
who film producer of predecessor of stormbringer?
What was the album that Joni Mitchell won the Grammy for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album for?
Where is the team of Abdel Boucker located?
Which is the twinned administrative body for Besançon?
Name the common home port of the Trishna (yacht) and INS Viraat (R22)?
What is the largest County Wexford constituency?
Where did george f hoar and willian langer spend the most important time of their political career?
Which Class IB flammable liquid has the least lower flammable limit?
Tell me association football league whose name has the word serie in it.
Who was the painter of the equivalence principle, whose tutor was Heinrich Friedrich Weber?
tell me girl group contains the word virtue in their name
Who is Calvinism named for?
Who gave theprovenance of exchange of Six Flags?
what is the highest international judicial court of the european union?
Give me all launch pads operated by NASA.
Which is the family name of mayonnaise?
Did Gotthold Ephrain Lessing obtain the Master's degree?
What is the predecessor of the car engine which was succeeded by BMW M43?
What physically interacts with adenosine triphosphate, which has subcellular localization in the plasma membrane?
Who was the dedicatee at the place of interment for Jude the Apostle?
What Hanseatic city is the twinned administrative body of Leeds?
What country was Zinedine Zidane born in?
Tell me recurring tournament whose name has the word world in it.
What film was Diane Keaton nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress?
What are some video games whose music is composed by an employ of the company Creatures?
Name an athlete competing in high jump?
Who is the sister of Charles de Valois, Duke of Angoulême's other child?
Paris Sisters singles are of which language?
What are the intergovernmental organization that contains the word southern in their name
Which is the gene that encodes the Insulin, isoform CRA_a and that contains the word ins in it's name?
Name the river with source as Shannon Pot and its mouth is located in Limerick?
Under whom did Charles Drummond Ellis do his PhD?
What drugs are used in the treatment of malaria?
Who created the fictional universe of Doctor Doom?
Where do the sister stations of Al Khaleejiya 100.9 play?
In what country is Ontario, the place of Ryan Gosling's birth?
For which party's PM did Chidambaram Subramaniam serve?
What are the belligerents in the American Revolutionary War, who have divided into Cantabria?
which is appears in the form of snake?
What is the part of the constellation is the child's body in HD 4208?
What awards of Jerry Herman'a had a leader in Lillian Gish?
Name a traditional fairy tale that starts with letter S
What is Charles Dickens most acclaimed workk?
What are the Twelve Olympians which start with the letter d
Which disease has high disease burden?
What is the parent company of administrator Tupolev Tu-144?
Which body of water is Chicago situated near, and what time zone does Chicago observe?
Which office holder's predecessor is Lucius Cornelius and his associate is Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
Which is the tributary of the outflow of Minho River?
What is the first name of Paul Verhoeven, since it is said to be different from Pawel?
What company manufactures Barbie?
What is the namesake of nobelium used by the daughter of Karolina Andriette Ahlsell?
What is key event of h capital that has Grand Duchy of Moscow?
What work shows the role model of Edward Albee?
What sport played in Polytechnic uni of San Juan has also made advocate nasiruddin famous?
who is cousin for motif of Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I?
who co-founded by of label of scotty mcCreery?
What is the owning organisation of the Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant and also the builder of the Ford Y-block engine?
Who plays the sister in Red Line?
Where was C. Vann Woodward educated and what was the end time?
Who are the cast members of The Simpsons Ride?
What Spiegel im Spiegel composition has received the Honorary doctor of the university of Liege award?
What race of Linda Hogan is the state of origin of the Holmes Colbert?
Name the composer of motorpsycho Nitemare?
For what was Douglas Trumbull in nomination for his role in Blade Runner?
Name the driver who was at pole in 1997 Canadian Grand Prix and also 1994 Spanish Grand Prix?
What was Judi Dench nominated for in Notes on a Scandal?
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration is an organization from which federal government?
Who is the favorite player of the music by American Dream?
For Ryan O'Neal was in nomination of Golden Globe Award for Best Actor-Motion picture Drama?
Who is the replacement for the president of South Korea?
which has rural cities in the village of Loire?
tell me the port city with the highest point that starts with lettter b in Tibidabo.
Who is a doctoral student of William Vickrey?
What field of medicine studies pedophilia?
What is the Class IIIA combustible liquid with the lowest density whose instance of is occupational carcinogen?
What is the birth location, with a partner city of Khabarovsk, of Shannon Larratt?
Whose shrine is in aachen cathedral?
Which shareholder of Naval Air facility Adak is also the operator of New Sanno Hotel?
Name the regions served by Toll Global Express?
Who replaced Robert Cecil as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster?
Where did Vint Cerf have an academic major of mathematics?
When was Eleftheros Venizelos replaced as Prime Minister of Greece?
What is tributary of next to lake of Odessa Oblast?
What was Arthur Penn nominated for at the 12th Annual Tony Awards?
Whose commanders are John Mc Ewen and Park Chunghee?
What are the books written by authors who died in Madrid?
Who is the contestant to be the successor of Warning by the Devil's Fire?
Which lake has the largest length?
Which tributary is on Hawaiian Islands?
Ennio Morricone composed music for which films?
Tell me colonial empire whose name has the word list in it.
Which TNT show has Christopher Franke as artist?
What is the political ideology of the Conservative Party?
What is the Wikimedia article that lists the characters in War and Peace?
What is the area of the broadcast network which has the affiliation with 9TV?
Name the nationalteam of Trn Vit Hng?
Who is the founder of Michelin Guide who is an alumna of Lycee Louis-le-Grand?
What is the nationality of the chancellor who was served by Michael Mayr?
What is the film The Count of Monte Cristo based on?
Name a MediaWiki website located in Amsterdam that contains the word wikipedia in its name
What is the endemism of the lyrebird, which has diplomatic relation in Belgium?
What is the name of sideburns that is a part of the United States Army?
What gender is Chelsea Handler and to what is her ethnicity?
Who is the child of Ofelia Medina's life partner?
Who is the producer of the song which is the previous work of He's a Liar?
What is the broadcast area of WBCQ (SW)?
Which companies are founded in the city of which Collin County Texas is a part?
Which actors play in Big Bang Theory?
Which dependency of Norway with a weather station as a capital has the longest coastline?
Which is the bridge that is located in the administrative territorial entity of London Borough of Southwark and whose name contains the word bridge?
Which is the ethnic group which contains the word zambo in it's name?
Where did Hilary Putnam receive their Ph.D.?
Who replaced Charles Evans Hughes as the Chief Justice of The United States?
Name the river with source as Columbia Lake and river mouth is located in Clatsop Country?
